capital = 890

######################## 1910

1910.1.1 = {

add_ideas = {
	civilian_economy
	service_by_requirement
	heavy_industry
	propaganda_press
	massive_education_investment
	basic_training
	multi_ethnic
}

oob = "AUH_1910"

set_research_slots = 5
set_convoys = 50
set_stability = 0.55

complete_national_focus = AUH_diplomatic_effort
complete_national_focus = AUH_annex_bosnia

# Starting tech
set_technology = {

		### INFANTRY ###

		#Weapons
		early_infantry_weapons = 1

		#Support
		early_support_weapons = 1

		#Motorized
		horses = 1

		### SUPPORT ###
		
		tech_support = 1

		#Trains
		early_basic_train = 1

		### ARTILLERY ###

		horse_artillery = 1

		### WW1 NAVAL ###

		#Light Ships
		ww1_early_ship_hull_light = 1
		ww1_basic_ship_hull_light = 1

		#Cruisers
		ww1_early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1

		#Dreads
		ww1_early_ship_hull_heavy = 1

		#Submarines
		ww1_early_ship_hull_submarine = 1

		### ENGINEERING ###

		census_tabulating = 1
	}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = { 
		early_armored_car = 1
		
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		eg_early_armored_car = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		experimental_aircraft = 1
		airframe = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		early_experimental_aircraft = 1
		early_airframe = 1
	}
}

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1907.1.12"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = no
}

    set_popularities = {
        fascism = 0
        neutrality = 64
        democratic = 31
        communism = 5
    }

recruit_character = AUH_franz_joseph
recruit_character = AUH_Karl_i
recruit_character = AUH_karl_renner
recruit_character = AUH_arthur_seyss
recruit_character = AUH_alfred_klahr
recruit_character = AUH_Leopold_Berchtold
recruit_character = AUH_Stephan_Burian_von_Rajecz
recruit_character = AUH_Ottokar_Czernin
recruit_character = AUH_Gyula_Andrassy
recruit_character = AUH_Ludwig_von_Flotow
recruit_character = AUH_Leon_Bilinski
recruit_character = AUH_Karl_Heinold_von_Udynski
recruit_character = AUH_Friedrich_von_Toggenburg
recruit_character = AUH_Maximilian_von_Wickenburg
recruit_character = AUH_Guido_von_Haerdtl
recruit_character = AUH_Istvan_Tisza
recruit_character = AUH_Ernest_von_Koerber
recruit_character = AUH_Franz_Xaver_von_Schonaich
recruit_character = AUH_Moritz_von_Auffenberg
recruit_character = AUH_alexander_krobatin
recruit_character = AUH_archduke_eugen
recruit_character = AUH_archduke_friedrich_duke_of_teschen
recruit_character = AUH_archduke_josef_august
recruit_character = AUH_archduke_josef_ferdinand
recruit_character = AUH_arthur_von_straußenburg
recruit_character = AUH_eduard_von_böhmermolli
recruit_character = AUH_franz_rohr_von_denta
recruit_character = AUH_alois_hartenstein
recruit_character = AUH_hermann_kövessháza
recruit_character = AUH_anton_liposcak
recruit_character = AUH_rudolf_stögersteiner_von_steinstätten
recruit_character = AUH_svetozar_boroević
recruit_character = AUH_miklós_horthy
recruit_character = AUH_otto_neudinger
recruit_character = AUH_theodor_kirschner
recruit_character = AUH_otto_lipfert
recruit_character = AUH_anton_sturm
recruit_character = AUH_Archduke_Friedrich
recruit_character = AUH_Arthur_von_Bolfras
recruit_character = AUH_Eduard_von_Paar
recruit_character = AUH_Zdenko_von_Lotikowitz
recruit_character = AUH_Milan_Emil_von_Uzelac
recruit_character = AUH_Josef_Ferdinand_von_Hapsburg
recruit_character = AUH_Otto_Ellison_von_Nidlef
recruit_character = AUH_Miklos_Horthy
recruit_character = AUH_Maximilian_Njegovan
recruit_character = AUH_Anton_Haus
recruit_character = AUH_Rudolf_Montecuccoli
recruit_character = AUH_Franz_Conrad_von_Hotzendorf
recruit_character = AUH_Blasius_von_Schemua
recruit_character = AUH_Arthur_Arz_von_Straussenburg

# Battleships #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "KuK Schlachtschiff Klasse"	
	type = ww1_ship_hull_heavy_1
	name_group = AUH_BB_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ww1_ship_heavy_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ww1_ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = ww1_heavy_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ww1_ship_secondaries_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ww1_ship_armor_bb_1
		front_1_custom_slot = ww1_ship_heavy_battery_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = ww1_ship_secondaries_1
		mid_2_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
}

# Light Cruisers #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "KuK Kreuzer Klasse"
	type = ww1_ship_hull_cruiser_1
	name_group = AUH_CA_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ww1_ship_light_medium_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ww1_ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = ww1_cruiser_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ww1_ship_armor_cruiser_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = ww1_ship_torpedo_1
		mid_2_custom_slot = ww1_ship_light_medium_battery_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
}

# Destroyers #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "KuK Zerstörer Klasse"	
	type = ww1_ship_hull_light_1
	name_group = AUH_DD_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ww1_ship_light_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ww1_ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = ww1_light_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ww1_ship_torpedo_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
}

# Submarines #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "KuK Unterseeboot Klasse"				
	type = ww1_ship_hull_submarine_1
	name_group = AUH_SS_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ww1_ship_torpedo_sub_1
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = ww1_sub_ship_engine_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = ww1_ship_torpedo_sub_1
	}
}

}

######################## 1914

1914.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 150

	complete_national_focus = AUH_political_effort
	complete_national_focus = AUH_army_effort
	complete_national_focus = AUH_form_airforce
	complete_national_focus = AUH_naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = AUH_industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = AUH_anti_serb_rhetoric
	complete_national_focus = AUH_dominate_balkan_SOI
	complete_national_focus = AUH_pro_germany
	complete_national_focus = AUH_prepare_for_war
	complete_national_focus = AUH_imperial_stability
	complete_national_focus = AUH_focus_internal_issues
	complete_national_focus = AUH_supress_minorities
	complete_national_focus = AUH_trench_warfare
	complete_national_focus = AUH_equipment_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_artillery_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_tactics_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_aviation_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_airfield_construction_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = AUH_construction_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_armament_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_build_yards

	#adding ministers
	add_ideas = {
		censored_press
		limited_conscription
	}


	set_stability = 0.6
	set_war_support = 0.8
	oob = "AUH_1914"

	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "AUH_1914_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "AUH_1914_air_legacy"
		}
	}

set_technology = {

		### INFANTRY ###

		hand_grenade = 1

		### SUPPORT ###

		tech_engineers = 1

		### WWI ARMOR ###
		

		### ARTILLERY ###

		horse_artillery2 = 1
		early_artillery_1 = 1

		### WW1 NAVAL ###

		#Light Ships
        ww1_basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        ww1_smoke_generator = 1
        ww1_basic_depth_charges = 1

        #Cruisers
        ww1_early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1

		### ENGINEERING ###

		automatic_feed_tab = 1
		ww1_basic_fire_control_system = 1

		### INDUSTRY ###
		early_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1

		### DOCTRINES ###

		#Land Doctrine
		nineteenth_cent_warfare = 1
		twenty_cent_warfare = 1

		#Air Doctrine
		powered_flight = 1
		air_recon = 1

		#Naval Doctrine
		indirect_intervention = 1
		trade_interdiction2 = 1
	}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		engine = 1
		fuselage = 1
		
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		early_engine = 1
		early_fuselage = 1
	}
}

}

######################## 1916

1916.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1500

	declare_war_on = { target = ITA type = annex_everything }

	#adding ministers
	add_ideas = {
		war_economy
		service_by_requirement
		desertion
		heavy_industry
		fall_of_russia
		propaganda_press
		basic_training
	}

	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.6

	oob = "AUH_1916"

	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "AUH_1916_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "AUH_1916_air_legacy"
		}
	}

	declare_war_on = { target = FRA type = annex_everything }
	declare_war_on = { target = ENG type = annex_everything }
    declare_war_on = { target = RUS type = annex_everything }
    declare_war_on = { target = ITA type = annex_everything }
    declare_war_on = { target = GRE type = annex_everything }

set_technology = {

		### INFANTRY ###

		#Weapons
		early_infantry_weapons2 = 1
		early_infantry_equip = 1

		#Support
		early_support_weapons2 = 1
		early_support_weapons3 = 1

		#Motorized
		bicycles = 1

		### SUPPORT ###
		tech_mortar_company1 = 1

        #Trains
		early_wartime_train = 1

		### WW1 ARMOR ###
		
		### ARTILLERY ###

		early_artillery_2 = 1

		### WW1 NAVAL ###

		ww1_improved_depth_charges = 1
		ww1_sonar = 1
		ww1_basic_torpedo = 1
		ww1_basic_battery = 1
		ww1_basic_secondary_battery = 1
		ww1_transport = 1

		### ENGINEERING ###

		ww1_improved_fire_control_system = 1
		
		### INDUSTRY ###

		improved_early_machine_tools = 1

		trench_warfare = 1

		#Construction
		construction2 = 1

		### DOCTRINES ###

		#Land Doctrine
		leading_by_order = 1

		#Air Doctrine
		air_duel_doctrine = 1

		#Naval Doctrine
		distracting_maneuver = 1
	}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		air_armaments = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		early_air_armaments = 1
	}
}

}

######################## 1918

1918.1.1 = {

	set_global_flag = franz_dead
	add_political_power = 1500

	complete_national_focus = AUH_political_effort
	complete_national_focus = AUH_army_effort
	complete_national_focus = AUH_form_airforce
	complete_national_focus = AUH_naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = AUH_industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = AUH_anti_serb_rhetoric
	complete_national_focus = AUH_dominate_balkan_SOI
	complete_national_focus = AUH_pro_germany
	complete_national_focus = AUH_prepare_for_war
	complete_national_focus = AUH_imperial_stability
	complete_national_focus = AUH_focus_internal_issues
	complete_national_focus = AUH_supress_minorities
	complete_national_focus = AUH_trench_warfare
	complete_national_focus = AUH_equipment_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_artillery_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_tactics_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_aviation_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_airfield_construction_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = AUH_construction_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_armament_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_build_yards
	complete_national_focus = AUH_construction_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = AUH_construction_effort_3
	complete_national_focus = AUH_armament_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = AUH_armament_effort_3
	complete_national_focus = AUH_infrastructure_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = AUH_infrastructure_effort_3
	complete_national_focus = AUH_tactics_2
	complete_national_focus = AUH_tactics_3
	complete_national_focus = AUH_equipment_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = AUH_equipment_effort_3
	complete_national_focus = AUH_artillery_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = AUH_artillery_effort_3
	complete_national_focus = AUH_entente_diplomacy
	complete_national_focus = AUH_seperate_peace
	complete_national_focus = AUH_volunteer_albania
	complete_national_focus = AUH_confiscate_serb_grain
	complete_national_focus = AUH_bulgaria_friend
	complete_national_focus = AUH_ottoman_friends
	complete_national_focus = AUH_cede_macedonia_bulgaria
	complete_national_focus = AUH_central_powers_diplomacy
	complete_national_focus = AUH_german_advisors
	complete_national_focus = AUH_german_troops
	complete_national_focus = AUH_turkish_reinforcements
	complete_national_focus = AUH_send_turkey_troops
	complete_national_focus = AUH_send_turkey_weapons
	complete_national_focus = AUH_polish_legions
	complete_national_focus = AUH_hungarian_support
	complete_national_focus = AUH_war_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_war_front_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_war_front_2
	complete_national_focus = AUH_war_front_3
	complete_national_focus = AUH_gas_mask_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_gas_mask_2
	complete_national_focus = AUH_gas_mask_3
	complete_national_focus = AUH_pilot_training_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_aviation_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = AUH_pilot_training_2
	complete_national_focus = AUH_fighter_focus
	complete_national_focus = AUH_fighter_1
	complete_national_focus = AUH_fighter_2
	complete_national_focus = AUH_better_weaponry
	complete_national_focus = AUH_coronation
	complete_national_focus = AUH_war_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = AUH_war_effort_3
	complete_national_focus = AUH_massive_war_effort

	#adding ministers
	add_ideas = {
		war_economy
		service_by_requirement
		desertion
		heavy_industry
		fall_of_russia
		propaganda_press
		basic_training
	}


	retire_character = AUH_franz_joseph

	recruit_character = AUH_karl_i

	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.6
	oob = "AUH_1918"

    declare_war_on = { target = USA type = annex_everything }

	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "AUH_1916_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "AUH_1916_air_legacy"
		}
	}

set_technology = {

		### INFANTRY ###

		#Machine Gun
		machine_gun = 1

		#Grenade
		frag_grenade = 1

		#Gas Mask
		gas_mask = 1

		#Weapons
		early_infantry_weapons3 = 1

		### SUPPORT ###

		tech_engineers2 = 1

        #Train
		early_armored_train = 1

		### ARTILLERY ###

		early_artillery_3 = 1
		howitzer = 1
		howitzer2 = 1

		### WW1 NAVAL ###

		#Light Ships
		ww1_improved_ship_hull_light = 1
		ww1_advanced_depth_charges = 1
		ww1_improved_sonar = 1

		#Cruisers
		ww1_basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1

		#Submarines
		ww1_early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		ww1_improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1

		ww1_damage_control_1 = 1

		ww1_landing_craft = 1

		### ENGINEERING ###
		
		### INDUSTRY ###

		total_war1 = 1
		advanced_early_machine_tools = 1
		wood_flooring = 1

		### DOCTRINES ###

		#Land Doctrine
		strong_point = 1 
		mass_charge = 1

		#Air Doctrine
		bomb_dropping = 1
		air_counter_air = 1

		#Naval Doctrine
		naval_baiting = 1
		convoy_raiding = 1
	}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = { 

		### WWI ARMOR ###

		tank_engine = 1
		tank_armor = 1
		tank_gun = 1	
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		eg_tank_engine = 1
		eg_tank_armor = 1
		eg_tank_gun = 1	
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		prototype_fighter = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		early_prototype_fighter = 1

		#Medium
		early_light_bomb = 1
	}
}

}
