capital = 126

######################## 1910

1910.1.1 = {

set_research_slots = 4

set_stability = 0.75
set_war_support = 0.30

#Guaranteeing Belgium and Switzerland for gameplay reasons
give_guarantee = BEL
give_guarantee = SWI

add_ideas = {
	civilian_economy
	volunteer_only
	heavy_industry
	free_press
	massive_education_investment
	advanced_training
}

# DIPLOMACY
if = {
	limit = {
		OR = {
			has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MAL
		autonomous_state = autonomy_integrated_puppet
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = RAJ
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colony
		freedom_level = 0.35
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = CAN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
		freedom_level = 0.4
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SAF
		autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
		freedom_level = 0.4
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = AST
		autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = NZL
		autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	else = {
		puppet = MAL
		puppet = RAJ
	}
}

oob = "ENG_1910"

recruit_character = ENG_hh_asquith
recruit_character = EN1_Edward_Grey
recruit_character = EN1_Arthur_Balfour
recruit_character = EN1_George_Curzon
recruit_character = EN1_Austen_Chamberlain
recruit_character = EN1_Reginald_McKenna
recruit_character = EN1_John_Simon
recruit_character = EN1_Herbert_Samuel
recruit_character = EN1_George_Cave
recruit_character = EN1_David_Lloyd_George
recruit_character = EN1_Andrew_Bonar_Law
recruit_character = EN1_Richard_Haldane
recruit_character = EN1_John_Edward_Seely
recruit_character = EN1_Herbert_Henry_Asquith
recruit_character = EN1_Lord_Kitchener
recruit_character = EN1_Winston_Churchill
recruit_character = EN1_John_Morley
recruit_character = EN1_Louis_of_Battenberg_2
recruit_character = EN1_John_Edward_Seely_2
recruit_character = EN1_David_Henderson
recruit_character = EN1_Frederick_Sykes
recruit_character = EN1_Hugh_Trenchard
recruit_character = EN1_Alexander_Bannerman
recruit_character = EN1_Murray_Sueter
recruit_character = EN1_Charles_Rumney_Samson
recruit_character = EN1_Charles_Vaughan_Lee
recruit_character = ENG_edmund_allenby
recruit_character = ENG_lionel_dunsterville
recruit_character = ENG_george_milne
recruit_character = ENG_henry_rawlinson
recruit_character = ENG_herbert_plumer
recruit_character = ENG_horace_smith
recruit_character = ENG_hubert_gough
recruit_character = ENG_ian_standish
recruit_character = ENG_julian_byng
recruit_character = ENG_douglas_haig
recruit_character = ENG_william_robertson
recruit_character = ENG_lord_kitchener
recruit_character = ENG_john_french
recruit_character = ENG_john_fisher
recruit_character = ENG_christopher_cradock
recruit_character = ENG_archibald_milne
recruit_character = ENG_david_beatty
recruit_character = ENG_dudley_chair
recruit_character = ENG_george_callaghan
recruit_character = ENG_john_jellicoe
recruit_character = ENG_lionel_halsey
recruit_character = ENG_reginald_bacon
recruit_character = ENG_reginald_tyrwhitt
recruit_character = EN1_Louis_of_Battenberg
recruit_character = EN1_John_Arbuthnot_Fisher
recruit_character = EN1_Arthur_Knyvet_Wilson
recruit_character = EN1_Francis_Bridgeman
recruit_character = EN1_Henry_Jackson
recruit_character = EN1_John_Jellicoe
recruit_character = EN1_Henry_Wilson
recruit_character = EN1_Charles_Callwell
recruit_character = EN1_Frederick_Maurice
recruit_character = EN1_Charles_Douglas
recruit_character = EN1_William_Nicholson
recruit_character = EN1_John_French
recruit_character = EN1_James_Wolfe_Murray
recruit_character = EN1_Archibald_Murray
recruit_character = EN1_William_Robertson
recruit_character = EN1_Lord_Kitchener_2

set_technology = {

		### INFANTRY ###

		#Weapons
		early_infantry_weapons = 1

		#Support
		early_support_weapons = 1

		#Motorized
		horses = 1

		### SUPPORT ###
		
		tech_support = 1

		#Trains
		early_basic_train = 1

		### ARTILLERY ###

		horse_artillery = 1

		### WW1 NAVAL ###

		#Light Ships
		ww1_early_ship_hull_light = 1
		ww1_basic_ship_hull_light = 1

		#Cruisers
		ww1_early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1

		#Dreads
		ww1_early_ship_hull_heavy = 1

		#Submarines
		ww1_early_ship_hull_submarine = 1

		ww1_smoke_generator = 1
		ww1_basic_depth_charges = 1

		### ENGINEERING ###

		census_tabulating = 1
	}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = { 
		early_armored_car = 1
		
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		eg_early_armored_car = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		experimental_aircraft = 1
		airframe = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		early_experimental_aircraft = 1
		early_airframe = 1
	}
}

# Battleships #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "RN Battleship Class"	
	type = ww1_ship_hull_heavy_1
	name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ww1_ship_heavy_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ww1_ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = ww1_heavy_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ww1_ship_secondaries_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ww1_ship_armor_bb_1
		front_1_custom_slot = ww1_ship_heavy_battery_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = ww1_ship_secondaries_1
		mid_2_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
}

# Heavy Cruisers #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "RN Heavy Cruiser Class"				
	type = ww1_ship_hull_cruiser_1
	name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ww1_ship_medium_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ww1_ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = ww1_cruiser_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ww1_ship_armor_cruiser_1
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ww1_ship_secondaries_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		mid_2_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
	
}

# Light Cruisers #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "RN Cruiser Class"
	type = ww1_ship_hull_cruiser_1
	name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ww1_ship_light_medium_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ww1_ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = ww1_cruiser_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ww1_ship_armor_cruiser_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = ww1_ship_torpedo_1
		mid_2_custom_slot = ww1_ship_light_medium_battery_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
}

# Destroyers #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "RN Destroyer Class"	
	type = ww1_ship_hull_light_1
	name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ww1_ship_light_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ww1_ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = ww1_light_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ww1_ship_torpedo_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
}

# Submarines #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "RN Submarine Class"				
	type = ww1_ship_hull_submarine_1
	name_group = ENG_SS_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ww1_ship_torpedo_sub_1
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = ww1_sub_ship_engine_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = ww1_ship_torpedo_sub_1
	}
}

set_convoys = 500

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1910.1.1"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

    set_popularities = {
        fascism = 0
        neutrality = 2
        democratic = 96
        communism = 2
    }

}

######################## 1914

1914.1.1 = {

	complete_national_focus = EN1_diplomatic_effort
	complete_national_focus = EN1_political_effort
	complete_national_focus = EN1_army_effort
	complete_national_focus = EN1_form_airforce
	complete_national_focus = EN1_industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = EN1_prepare_for_war
	complete_national_focus = EN1_trench_warfare
	complete_national_focus = EN1_equipment_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = EN1_artillery_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = EN1_tactics_1
	complete_national_focus = EN1_airfield_construction_1
	complete_national_focus = EN1_infrastructure_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = EN1_construction_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = EN1_armament_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = EN1_dockyard_1
	complete_national_focus = EN1_diplomatic_effort
	complete_national_focus = EN1_naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = EN1_western_diplomacy
	complete_national_focus = EN1_anti_german_sentiment
	complete_national_focus = EN1_middle_east_diplomacy
	complete_national_focus = EN1_fortify_suez
	complete_national_focus = EN1_colonial_focus
	complete_national_focus = EN1_british_raj
	complete_national_focus = EN1_south_africa
	complete_national_focus = EN1_grant_south_african_indep
	complete_national_focus = EN1_democracy
	complete_national_focus = EN1_free_speech

	add_political_power = 150

	set_stability = 0.75
	set_war_support = 0.30
	oob = "ENG_1914"

set_technology = {

		### INFANTRY ###

		hand_grenade = 1

		### SUPPORT ###

		tech_engineers = 1

		### WWI ARMOR ###
		

		### ARTILLERY ###

		horse_artillery2 = 1
		early_artillery_1 = 1

		### WW1 NAVAL ###

		#Light Ships

        #Cruisers
        ww1_early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1

		### ENGINEERING ###

		automatic_feed_tab = 1
		ww1_basic_fire_control_system = 1

		### INDUSTRY ###
		early_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1

		### DOCTRINES ###

		#Land Doctrine
		nineteenth_cent_warfare = 1
		twenty_cent_warfare = 1

		#Air Doctrine
		powered_flight = 1
		air_recon = 1

		#Naval Doctrine
		indirect_intervention = 1
		trade_interdiction2 = 1
	}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		engine = 1
		fuselage = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		early_engine = 1
		early_fuselage = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Vickers F.B 5"
	type = ww1_small_plane_airframe_1
	modules = {
		fixed_main_weapon_slot = ww1_light_mg_4x
		engine_type_slot = ww1_engine_1_1x
		special_type_slot_1 = empty
	}
}

}

}

######################## 1916

1916.1.1 = {
	
	add_political_power = 1500

	add_ideas = {
		unrestricted_sub_warfare
		service_by_requirement
	}

	retire_character = ENG_hh_asquith
	promote_character = EN1_David_Lloyd_George
	promote_character = ENG_douglas_haig


	set_stability = 0.9
	set_war_support = 0.80
	oob = "ENG_1916"

set_technology = {

		### INFANTRY ###

		#Weapons
		early_infantry_weapons2 = 1
		early_infantry_equip = 1

		#Support
		early_support_weapons2 = 1
		early_support_weapons3 = 1

		#Motorized
		bicycles = 1

		### SUPPORT ###
		tech_mortar_company1 = 1

        #Trains
		early_wartime_train = 1

		### WW1 ARMOR ###
		
		### ARTILLERY ###

		early_artillery_2 = 1

		### WW1 NAVAL ###

		ww1_improved_depth_charges = 1
		ww1_sonar = 1
		ww1_basic_torpedo = 1
		ww1_basic_battery = 1
		ww1_basic_secondary_battery = 1
		ww1_transport = 1

		### ENGINEERING ###

		ww1_improved_fire_control_system = 1
		
		### INDUSTRY ###

		improved_early_machine_tools = 1

		trench_warfare = 1

		#Construction
		construction2 = 1

		### DOCTRINES ###

		#Land Doctrine
		leading_by_order = 1

		#Air Doctrine
		air_duel_doctrine = 1

		#Naval Doctrine
		distracting_maneuver = 1
	}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		air_armaments = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		early_air_armaments = 1
	}
}

}

######################## 1918

1918.1.1 = {

	complete_national_focus = EN1_gas_mask_1
	complete_national_focus = EN1_gas_mask_2
	complete_national_focus = EN1_gas_mask_3
	complete_national_focus = EN1_equipment_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = EN1_equipment_effort_3
	complete_national_focus = EN1_artillery_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = EN1_artillery_effort_3
	complete_national_focus = EN1_tactics_2
	complete_national_focus = EN1_tactics_3
	complete_national_focus = EN1_aviation_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = EN1_pilot_training_1
	complete_national_focus = EN1_aviation_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = EN1_pilot_training_2
	complete_national_focus = EN1_fighter_focus
	complete_national_focus = EN1_fighter_1
	complete_national_focus = EN1_fighter_2
	complete_national_focus = EN1_fighter_3
	complete_national_focus = EN1_airfield_construction_2
	complete_national_focus = EN1_infrastructure_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = EN1_construction_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = EN1_armament_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = EN1_infrastructure_effort_3
	complete_national_focus = EN1_armament_effort_3
	complete_national_focus = EN1_dockyard_2
	complete_national_focus = EN1_dockyard_3
	complete_national_focus = EN1_improved_fighter_1
	complete_national_focus = EN1_improved_fighter_2
	complete_national_focus = EN1_join_war
	complete_national_focus = EN1_back_france
	complete_national_focus = EN1_north_sea_blockade
	complete_national_focus = EN1_nordic_country_trading
	complete_national_focus = EN1_bulgaria_talks
	complete_national_focus = EN1_dont_conscript_irish
	complete_national_focus = EN1_befriend_US
	complete_national_focus = EN1_secure_southern_persia
	complete_national_focus = EN1_hold_back_turk_ships
	complete_national_focus = EN1_arab_revolt
	complete_national_focus = EN1_indian_manpower
	complete_national_focus = EN1_australia
	complete_national_focus = EN1_plan_gallipoli_campaign
	complete_national_focus = EN1_execute_gallipoli
	complete_national_focus = EN1_canada
	complete_national_focus = EN1_canadian_troops
	complete_national_focus = EN1_united_people
	complete_national_focus = EN1_defence_of_realm_act
	complete_national_focus = EN1_combined_war_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = EN1_military_service_act
	complete_national_focus = EN1_homefront_focus_1
	complete_national_focus = EN1_homefront_focus_2
	complete_national_focus = EN1_homefront_focus_3
	complete_national_focus = EN1_BB_effort
	complete_national_focus = EN1_cruiser_effort
	complete_national_focus = EN1_battle_cruiser_effort
	complete_national_focus = EN1_dreadnought

	add_political_power = 1500

	#adding ministers
	add_ideas = {
		americans_are_here
	}

	set_stability = 0.9
	set_war_support = 0.80
	oob = "ENG_1918"

set_technology = {

		### INFANTRY ###

		#Machine Gun
		machine_gun = 1

		#Grenade
		frag_grenade = 1

		#Gas Mask
		gas_mask = 1

		#Weapons
		early_infantry_weapons3 = 1

		### SUPPORT ###

		tech_engineers2 = 1

        #Train
		early_armored_train = 1

		### ARTILLERY ###

		early_artillery_3 = 1
		howitzer = 1
		howitzer2 = 1

		### WW1 NAVAL ###

		#Light Ships
		ww1_improved_ship_hull_light = 1
		ww1_advanced_depth_charges = 1
		ww1_improved_sonar = 1

		#Cruisers
		ww1_basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1

		#Submarines
		ww1_early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		ww1_improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1

		ww1_damage_control_1 = 1

		ww1_landing_craft = 1

		### ENGINEERING ###
		
		### INDUSTRY ###

		total_war1 = 1
		advanced_early_machine_tools = 1
		wood_flooring = 1

		### DOCTRINES ###

		#Land Doctrine
		strong_point = 1 
		mass_charge = 1

		#Air Doctrine
		bomb_dropping = 1
		air_counter_air = 1

		#Naval Doctrine
		naval_baiting = 1
		convoy_raiding = 1
	}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = { 

		### WWI ARMOR ###

		tank_engine = 1
		tank_armor = 1
		tank_gun = 1	
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		eg_tank_engine = 1
		eg_tank_armor = 1
		eg_tank_gun = 1	
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		prototype_fighter = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		early_prototype_fighter = 1

		#Medium
		early_light_bomb = 1
	}
}

}

1919.1.1 = {

diplomatic_relation = { country = ROM relation = war_relation active = no }
diplomatic_relation = { country = LIT relation = war_relation active = no }
diplomatic_relation = { country = POL relation = war_relation active = no }
diplomatic_relation = { country = GER relation = war_relation active = no }
	
#retire_character = ENG_hh_asquith
retire_character = EN1_Edward_Grey
retire_character = EN1_Arthur_Balfour
retire_character = EN1_George_Curzon
retire_character = EN1_Austen_Chamberlain
retire_character = EN1_Reginald_McKenna
retire_character = EN1_John_Simon
retire_character = EN1_Herbert_Samuel
retire_character = EN1_George_Cave
retire_character = EN1_David_Lloyd_George
retire_character = EN1_Andrew_Bonar_Law
retire_character = EN1_Richard_Haldane
retire_character = EN1_John_Edward_Seely
retire_character = EN1_Herbert_Henry_Asquith
retire_character = EN1_Lord_Kitchener
retire_character = EN1_Winston_Churchill
retire_character = EN1_John_Morley
retire_character = EN1_Louis_of_Battenberg_2
retire_character = EN1_John_Edward_Seely_2
retire_character = EN1_David_Henderson
retire_character = EN1_Frederick_Sykes
retire_character = EN1_Hugh_Trenchard
retire_character = EN1_Alexander_Bannerman
retire_character = EN1_Murray_Sueter
retire_character = EN1_Charles_Rumney_Samson
retire_character = EN1_Charles_Vaughan_Lee
retire_character = ENG_edmund_allenby
retire_character = ENG_lionel_dunsterville
retire_character = ENG_george_milne
retire_character = ENG_henry_rawlinson
retire_character = ENG_herbert_plumer
retire_character = ENG_horace_smith
retire_character = ENG_hubert_gough
retire_character = ENG_ian_standish
retire_character = ENG_julian_byng
retire_character = ENG_douglas_haig
retire_character = ENG_william_robertson
retire_character = ENG_lord_kitchener
retire_character = ENG_john_french
retire_character = ENG_john_fisher
retire_character = ENG_christopher_cradock
retire_character = ENG_archibald_milne
retire_character = ENG_david_beatty
retire_character = ENG_dudley_chair
retire_character = ENG_george_callaghan
retire_character = ENG_john_jellicoe
retire_character = ENG_lionel_halsey
retire_character = ENG_reginald_bacon
retire_character = ENG_reginald_tyrwhitt
retire_character = EN1_Louis_of_Battenberg
retire_character = EN1_John_Arbuthnot_Fisher
retire_character = EN1_Arthur_Knyvet_Wilson
retire_character = EN1_Francis_Bridgeman
retire_character = EN1_Henry_Jackson
retire_character = EN1_John_Jellicoe
retire_character = EN1_Henry_Wilson
retire_character = EN1_Charles_Callwell
retire_character = EN1_Frederick_Maurice
retire_character = EN1_Charles_Douglas
retire_character = EN1_William_Nicholson
retire_character = EN1_John_French
retire_character = EN1_James_Wolfe_Murray
retire_character = EN1_Archibald_Murray
retire_character = EN1_William_Robertson
retire_character = EN1_Lord_Kitchener_2

if = { 
	limit = { 
		FRA = {is_faction_leader = yes 
				}
		}
			dismantle_faction = yes 
			}

}

######################## 1936

1936.1.1 = {

remove_ideas = americans_are_here
remove_ideas = unrestricted_sub_warfare
remove_ideas = service_by_requirement

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_oob = "ENG_1936"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_oob = "ENG_1936_nsb"
}

starting_train_buffer = 4

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_naval_oob = "ENG_1936_Naval"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "ENG_1936_Naval_Legacy"
	}
}

load_oob = "ENG_Motorized"

set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.1
add_command_power = 20

set_technology = {

	### INFANTRY ###

	#Weapons
	early_infantry_equip2 = 1
	early_infantry_weapons4 = 1
	early_infantry_weapons5 = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	early_infantry_equip3 = 1
	early_infantry_weapons6 = 1
	interwars_infantry_equip = 1

	#Support Equipment
	early_support_weapons4 = 1
	early_support_weapons5 = 1
	interwar_support_weapons = 1
	interwar_support_weapons2 = 1
	interwar_support_weapons3 = 1

	#Gas Mask
	gas_mask2 = 1
	gas_mask3 = 1

	#Machine Gun
	machine_gun2 = 1
	machine_gun3 = 1
	machine_gun4 = 1
	interwar_machine_gun = 1

	#Motorized
	early_motorised_infantry = 1

	### SUPPORT ###

	tech_support = 1

	#Engineers
	tech_engineers3 = 1
	tech_engineers4 = 1

	#Recon
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_recon2 = 1
	tech_recon3 = 1
	tech_recon4 = 1

	#Military Police
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_military_police2 = 1
	tech_military_police3 = 1
	tech_military_police4 = 1

	#Tech Maintenance
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company2 = 1
	tech_maintenance_company3 = 1
	tech_maintenance_company4 = 1

	#Mortar Company
	tech_mortar_company2 = 1
	tech_mortar_company3 = 1
	tech_mortar_company4 = 1

	### ARTILLERY ###

	#Artillery
	early_artillery_4 = 1
	early_artillery_5 = 1
	early_artillery_6 = 1

	#Howitzer
	howitzer3 = 1
	howitzer4 = 1
	howitzer5 = 1

	#Anti Air
	anti_air = 1
	anti_air2 = 1

	#Anti Tank
	early_antitank = 1

	### WW1 NAVAL ###

	#Light Ships
	ww1_improved_ship_hull_light = 1
	ww1_advanced_ship_hull_light = 1
	ww1_advanced_depth_charges = 1
	ww1_modern_depth_charges = 1

	#Cruisers
	ww1_basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	ww1_improved_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	ww1_advanced_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	ww1_basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
	ww1_improved_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
	ww1_advanced_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1

	#Heavy Ships
	ww1_early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	ww1_basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	ww1_improved_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	ww1_advanced_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	ww1_basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
	ww1_improved_heavy_armor_scheme = 1

	#Torpedos and Submarines
	ww1_magnetic_detonator = 1
	ww1_homing_torpedo = 1
	ww1_electric_torpedo = 1
	ww1_improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
	ww1_advanced_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
	ww1_modern_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
	ww1_early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	ww1_basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	ww1_improved_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	ww1_advanced_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	ww1_basic_submarine_snorkel = 1
	ww1_improved_submarine_snorkel = 1

	#Armaments
	ww1_basic_light_battery = 1
	ww1_improved_light_battery = 1
	ww1_advanced_light_battery = 1
	ww1_basic_light_shell = 1
	ww1_improved_light_shell = 1
	ww1_basic_medium_battery = 1
	ww1_improved_medium_battery = 1
	ww1_advanced_medium_battery = 1
	ww1_basic_medium_shell = 1
	ww1_improved_medium_shell = 1
	ww1_basic_heavy_battery = 1
	ww1_improved_heavy_battery = 1
	ww1_advanced_heavy_battery = 1
	ww1_basic_heavy_shell = 1
	ww1_improved_heavy_shell = 1
	ww1_basic_secondary_battery = 1
	ww1_improved_secondary_battery = 1
	ww1_dp_secondary_battery = 1

	#Damage Control
	ww1_damage_control_2 = 1
	ww1_damage_control_3 = 1

	#Fire Control Methods
	ww1_fire_control_methods_1 = 1
	ww1_fire_control_methods_2 = 1
	ww1_fire_control_methods_3 = 1

	#Mines 
	ww1_basic_naval_mines = 1
	ww1_submarine_mine_laying = 1
	ww1_improved_submarine_mine_laying = 1
	ww1_improved_naval_mines = 1
	ww1_degaussing = 1
	ww1_advanced_naval_mines = 1
	ww1_airdrop_mines = 1
	ww1_modern_naval_mines = 1
	ww1_airsweep_mines = 1

	#Transport
	ww1_tank_landing_craft = 1

	### WW2 NAVAL ###

	#Naval Bomber
	torpedo_bomb = 1
	early_naval_bomber = 1
	cv_naval_bomber0 = 1
	interwars_naval_bomber = 1

	#Early Bomber
	light_bomb = 1
	ww1_early_bomber = 1
	basic_bomber = 1
	improved_bomber = 1
	medium_bomb = 1
	engine3 = 1
	early_bomber = 1

	#Heavy Fighter
	fuel_tank2 = 1
	heavy_engine = 1
	heavy_bomb = 1
	heavy_airframe = 1

	### ENGINEERING ###
	cipher_machine = 1
	ww1_advanced_fire_control_system = 1
	mechanical_computing = 1
	teleprinter = 1
	accounting_machine = 1

	### INDUSTRY ###
	advanced_early_machine_tools = 1
	demobilization_machine_tools = 1

	#Total War
	total_war2 = 1
	total_war3 = 1
	demobilization2 = 1

	#Construction
	construction1 = 1
	construction2 = 1
	construction3 = 1
	construction4 = 1
	constructiondemob = 1
	construction5 = 1

	#Refineries
	fuel_silos = 1

	#Trenches
	better_trench_conditions = 1
	anti_air52 = 1

	### DOCTRINES ###

	#Land Doctrine
	static_defense = 1
	counterattack = 1
	defense_in_depth = 1
	offensive_attrition = 1
	seperate_armed_forces = 1
	forward_control = 1
	combined_arms = 1
	specialized_branch_tactical = 1
	post_gw = 1

	#Naval Doctrine
	convoy_raiding = 1
	post_gw2 = 1

	#Air Doctrine
	tas_concept = 1 
	str_concept = 1
	cas_concept = 1
	interwar_bomber_doctrine = 1
	air_counter_air = 1
	force_substitution = 1
	flying_circus = 1
	formal_air_doctrine = 1
	interwar_fighter_doctrine = 1
	post_gw_doctrine = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = { 

	early_armored_car2 = 1
	armored_car1 = 1
	early_armored_car4 = 1
	early_armored_car5 = 1
	early_armored_car6 = 1

	#Early Tanks
	early_tank = 1
	early_tank2 = 1
	early_tank3 = 1
    gwtank_chassis = 1
		
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	eg_armored_car2 = 1
	eg_armored_car3 = 1
	eg_armored_car4 = 1
	eg_armored_car5 = 1
	eg_armored_car6 = 1

	#Early Tanks
	eg_early_tank = 1
	eg_early_tank2 = 1
	eg_early_tank3 = 1
	gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

	transport_plane = 1

	#Fighter
	basic_fighter = 1
	improved_fighter = 1
	fighter_engine = 1
	fighter_airframe = 1
	early_fighter = 1

	#CAS
	early_CAS = 1
	basic_CAS = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
	### AIR ###

	#Fighter
	early_basic_fighter = 1
	early_improved_fighter = 1
	early_fighter_engine = 1
	early_fighter_airframe = 1
	iw_small_airframe = 1

	#Medium
	early_ww1_early_bomber = 1

	#Weaponry
    early_bombs = 1
    aa_lmg = 1

    #Engines
    engines_1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		sonar = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_dp_light_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		improved_dp_light_battery = 1
		basic_fire_control_system = 1
	}
	add_ideas = MTG_naval_treaty_adherent
	set_global_flag = MTG_second_london_conference
	set_global_flag = { flag = MTG_naval_treaty_signatories value = 5 }
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "ENG_1936_air_bba"
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			engines_2 = 1
			early_bombs = 1
			aircraft_construction = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			iw_medium_airframe = 1
			iw_large_airframe = 1
			basic_medium_airframe = 1
			basic_small_airframe = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "ENG_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			cv_early_fighter = 1
			cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Battle for the Bosporus"
	}
	set_technology = { camelry = 1 }
}

set_variable = { var = eng_gateway_to_europe_influence value = 0 }

add_ideas = {
	stiff_upper_lip
	ENG_the_war_to_end_all_wars
	george_v
}

set_convoys = 800

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }

	add_to_tech_sharing_group = commonwealth_research
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.11.14"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes ##suspended through duration of war, which is handled via event
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 97
	fascism = 2
	communism = 1
}

#give_guarantee = CZE


recruit_character = ENG_neville_chamberlain
promote_character = ENG_neville_chamberlain


# Order matters - here Chamberlain becomes starting leader
recruit_character = ENG_oswald_mosley
recruit_character = ENG_stanley_baldwin
recruit_character = ENG_winston_churchill
recruit_character = ENG_harry_pollitt
recruit_character = ENG_alan_brooke
recruit_character = ENG_bernard_montgomery
recruit_character = ENG_claude_auchinleck
recruit_character = ENG_neil_ritchie
recruit_character = ENG_alan_cunningham
recruit_character = ENG_william_slim
recruit_character = ENG_richard_oconnor
recruit_character = ENG_william_platt
recruit_character = ENG_george_giffard
recruit_character = ENG_harold_alexander
recruit_character = ENG_jackie_smyth
recruit_character = ENG_thomas_jacomb_hutton
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_percival
recruit_character = ENG_merton_beckwithsmith
recruit_character = ENG_henry_pownall
recruit_character = ENG_john_vereker
recruit_character = ENG_henry_wilson
recruit_character = ENG_william_gott
recruit_character = ENG_jock_campbell
recruit_character = ENG_oliver_leese
recruit_character = ENG_miles_dempsey
recruit_character = ENG_brian_horrocks
recruit_character = ENG_archibald_wavell
recruit_character = ENG_james_fownes_somerville
recruit_character = ENG_henry_harwood
recruit_character = ENG_andrew_cunningham
recruit_character = ENG_bruce_fraser
recruit_character = ENG_john_tovey
recruit_character = ENG_bernard_rawlings
recruit_character = ENG_john_cunningham
recruit_character = ENG_charles_forbes
recruit_character = ENG_algernon_willis
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_power
recruit_character = ENG_horatio_dundas
recruit_character = ENG_edmund_ironside
recruit_character = ENG_david_stirling
recruit_character = ENG_james_somerville
recruit_character = ENG_kenneth_anderson
recruit_character = ENG_louis_mountbatten
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_harris
recruit_character = ENG_james_chadwick
recruit_character = ENG_jfc_fuller
recruit_character = ENG_frank_whittle
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_15
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_14
recruit_character = ENG_ernle_chatfield
recruit_character = ENG_trafford_leigh_mallory
recruit_character = ENG_max_horton
recruit_character = ENG_tom_phillips
recruit_character = ENG_hugh_dowding
recruit_character = ENG_charles_portal
recruit_character = ENG_dudley_pound
recruit_character = ENG_raymond_briggs
recruit_character = ENG_frederick_bowhill
recruit_character = ENG_cyril_newall
recruit_character = ENG_sholto_douglas
recruit_character = ENG_edward_ellington



recruit_character = ENG_john_beckett
recruit_character = ENG_corgis_1
recruit_character = ENG_corgis_2
recruit_character = ENG_corgis_3
recruit_character = ENG_alan_turing
recruit_character = ENG_clement_attlee
recruit_character = ENG_ernest_bevin
recruit_character = ENG_leslie_hore_belisha
recruit_character = ENG_george_orwell
recruit_character = ENG_nevile_henderson
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_8
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_9
recruit_character = ENG_david_lloyd_george
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_1
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_2
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_3
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_4
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_5
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_6
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_7
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_13
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_12
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_11
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_10
recruit_character = ENG_mary_sophia_allen
recruit_character = ENG_philip_kerr
recruit_character = ENG_sylvia_pankhurst
recruit_character = ENG_stewart_menzies
recruit_character = ENG_maxwell_aitken
recruit_character = ENG_thomas_moore

create_faction = Allies
add_to_faction = ENG
#add_to_faction = FRA
add_to_faction = CAN
add_to_faction = AST
add_to_faction = NZL
add_to_faction = SAF

 give_military_access = RAJ
 add_to_faction = RAJ		# Must be after puppet
 add_to_faction = MAL

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Nancy Wake"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_nancy_wake
		traits = { operative_escape_artist }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { ENG }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Diana Rowden"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_diana_rowden
		traits = { }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { ENG }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Juan Pujol"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_juan_pujol
		traits = { operative_double_agent }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { ENG GER }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Dusko Popov"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_dusko_popov
		traits = { operative_double_agent }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { ENG GER YUG }
	}
}

### Ship Variants ###

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Variants ###
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "O/P/R Class"
		type = submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			sub_engine_upgrade = 2
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 2
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "S Class"
		type = submarine_1
		parent_version = 1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			sub_engine_upgrade = 0
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 2
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "A/B/C/D Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 1
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 2
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Light Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Emerald Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			ship_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 2
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Amphion Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			ship_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 3
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "County Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			ship_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_armor_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	# Battlecruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Admiral Class"
		type = battle_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_armor_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 2
		}
	}
	# Battleships #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nelson Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_armor_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Queen Elizabeth Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Light Tank Mk. IV"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
		icon = "GFX_ENG_basic_light_tank_medium"
		obsolete = yes #used for oob
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Light Tank Mk. VI"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 1
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
			special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
		}
		icon = "GFX_ENG_basic_light_tank_medium"
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Medium Mk. II"
		type = medium_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_medium_three_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "GFX_ENG_basic_light_tank_medium"
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vickers 6 ton A"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = secondary_turret_hmg
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "GFX_ENG_light_BAB_camo"
		obsolete = yes #export only
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vickers 6 ton B"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 1
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "GFX_ENG_light_BAB_camo"
		obsolete = yes #export only
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	### Variants ###
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "O/P/R Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = ENG_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "S Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = ENG_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "A/B/C/D Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "E/F/G/H Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "V/W Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "S Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Light Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "C-Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Danae Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Emerald Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leander Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Adventure Class"						# cruiser minelayer
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_MINELAYERS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Town Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			}
		}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "County Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "York Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hawkins Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Battlecruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Renown Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BC_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Battlecruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Admiral Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BC_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "G3 Design"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BC_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Battleships #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nelson Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Queen Elizabeth Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Revenge Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Eagle Class"
		type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_bb
		name_group = ENG_CV_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hermes Class"
		type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_ca
		name_group = ENG_CVL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = empty
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Courageous Class"
		type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_bb
		name_group = ENG_CV_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ark Royal Class"
			type = ship_hull_carrier_1
			name_group = ENG_CV_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
			}
		}	
}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Hawker Fury" #also covers Gloster Gauntlet, Hawker Demon
			type = small_plane_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}

		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Hawker Nimrod" 
			type = cv_small_plane_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}

		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Gloster Gladiator" 
			type = small_plane_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_4x
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
		}

		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Fairey Gordon" 
			type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
			icon = "GFX_ENG_CAS1_medium"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Vickers Vildebeest" 
			type = small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
			icon = "GFX_ENG_naval_bomber1_medium" #TODO GABRIEL: change if art in before release
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Blackburn Shark" 
			type = cv_small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
			icon = "GFX_ENG_naval_bomber1_medium"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Handley Page Heyford" 
			type = medium_plane_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_2x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Bristol Blenheim" 
			type = medium_plane_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_2x
				special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
			}
			icon = "GFX_ENG_heavy_fighter1_medium"
		}
	}

}

######################## 1939

1939.9.1 = {

	add_political_power = 50
	add_command_power = 100

	#adding ministers
	add_ideas = {
		ENG_ernest_bevin
		bernard_montgomery
		rsaf_enfield
		archibald_wavell
		charles_portal
		english_electric		

		#laws
		partial_economic_mobilisation
		limited_conscription

		ENG_george_vi
	}

	retire_character = ENG_stanley_baldwin
	remove_ideas = george_v #Dead

	complete_national_focus = limited_rearmament_focus
	complete_national_focus = air_defense_focus
	complete_national_focus = radar_focus
	complete_national_focus = shadow_scheme_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_empire_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_service_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_colonial_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_mediterranean_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_asia_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_commonwealth_focus

	give_guarantee = POL
	if = {
		limit = {
			NOT = {
				has_dlc = "No Step Back"
			}
		}
		set_oob = "ENG_1939"
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
		set_oob = "ENG_1939_nsb"
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
		set_naval_oob = "ENG_1939_Naval"
		else = {
			set_naval_oob = "ENG_1939_Naval_Legacy"
		}
	}


	set_technology = {
	
	### IFANTRY ###

	#Weapons
	interwars_infantry_equip2 = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1

	#Support Equipment
	interwar_support_weapons4 = 1
	modern_support_weapons = 1

	#Machine Gun
	modern_machine_gun = 1

	#Motorized
	motorised_infantry = 1

	### SUPPORT ###

	#Engineers
	tech_engineers5 = 1

	#Maintenance Company
	tech_maintenance_company5 = 1

	#Trains
	basic_train = 1

	### ARTILLERY ###

	early_artillery_7 = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	howitzer6 = 1
	howitzer7 = 1

	#Anti Air
	anti_air3 = 1

	### NAVAL ###

	#Naval Bomber
	cv_naval_bomber01 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	cv_naval_bomber1 = 1

	#Bomber
	tactical_bomber1 = 1

	### ENGINEERING ###

	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1

	### INDUSTRY ###
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	concentrated_industry = 1

	#Construction
	construction6 = 1

	### DOCTRINES ###

	#Land Doctrine
	mass_assault = 1
	pocket_defence = 1
	}

if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### ARMOR ###

		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_light_tank_chassis = 1

		#Trains
		armored_train = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		basic_light_tank = 1
		improved_light_tank = 1
	}
}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "ENG_1939_air_bba"
		set_technology = {
			basic_small_airframe = 1
			improved_small_airframe = 1
			basic_medium_airframe = 1
			basic_large_airframe = 1
			aa_cannon_1 = 1
			engines_3 = 1
			range_improvements = 1
		}
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "ENG_1939_air_legacy"
			set_technology = {
				fighter1 = 1
				fighter2 = 1
				heavy_fighter1 = 1
				heavy_fighter2 = 1
				CAS2 = 1
				naval_bomber2 = 1
				tactical_bomber1 = 1
				tactical_bomber2 = 1
				strategic_bomber1 = 1
				cv_CAS1 = 1
				cv_fighter1 = 1
			}
		}
}

	if = {
		limit = {
			not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns"}
		}
		set_technology = {
			basic_submarine = 1
			improved_submarine = 1
			improved_destroyer = 1
			basic_light_cruiser = 1
			improved_light_cruiser = 1
			basic_battleship = 1
			basic_carrier = 1
			improved_carrier = 1
		}
		set_naval_oob = "ENG_1939_Naval_Legacy"
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
		set_technology = {
			basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
			improved_ship_hull_submarine = 1
			improved_ship_hull_light = 1
			improved_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
			
			improved_ship_hull_carrier = 1
			improved_sonar = 1
		}
		set_naval_oob = "ENG_1939_Naval"
		remove_ideas = MTG_naval_treaty_adherent
		add_ideas = MTG_naval_treaty_adherent_reduced
		clr_global_flag = MTG_second_london_conference
		modify_global_flag = { flag = MTG_naval_treaty_signatories value = -2 }
	}

	set_convoys = 200

	if = {
		limit = {
			not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Tribal Class"
			type = destroyer_2
			upgrades = {
				ship_torpedo_upgrade = 2
				destroyer_engine_upgrade = 2
				ship_ASW_upgrade = 2
				ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Edinburgh Class"
			type = light_cruiser_2
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
				ship_engine_upgrade = 3
				ship_gun_upgrade = 3
				ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
			}
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
		
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Illustrious Class"
			type = ship_hull_carrier_2
			name_group = ENG_CV_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_armor_carrier_deck
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Dido Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = ENG_CLAA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 1
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = dp_light_battery_3
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_3
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = dp_light_battery_3
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Crown Colony Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_3
			name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
				rear_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Tribal Class"
			type = ship_hull_light_2
			name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = dp_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_2
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "J/K/N Class"
			type = ship_hull_light_3
			name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = dp_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_2
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "King George V Class"
			type = ship_hull_heavy_2
			name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_2
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_radar_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_3
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_3
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Lion Class" # 1938 variant
			type = ship_hull_heavy_2
			name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_3
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_2
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_3
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_3
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_3
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "T Class"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_2
			name_group = ENG_SS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Grampus Class"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_2
			name_group = ENG_SS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "U Class"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_1
			name_group = ENG_SS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Mathilda I"
			type = light_tank_chassis_2
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
				turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 6
			}
			icon = "GFX_ENG_improved_light_tank_medium"
			obsolete = yes
		}

		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Mathilda II"
			type = heavy_tank_chassis_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon_2
				turret_type_slot = tank_heavy_three_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_cast_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_diesel_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 4
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 8
			}
			icon = "GFX_ENG_improved_light_tank_medium"
		}

		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Cruiser Mk. I"
			type = medium_tank_chassis_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon_2
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_three_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
				special_type_slot_2 = secondary_turret_hmg
				special_type_slot_3 = secondary_turret_hmg
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 3
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
			}
			obsolete = yes
			icon = "GFX_ENG_light_CCA_camo"
		}

		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Cruiser Mk. IV"
			type = medium_tank_chassis_1
			parent_version = 1
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon_2
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_three_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = empty
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 7
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
			}
			icon = "GFX_ENG_light_CCA_camo"
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Sea Gladiator" 
			type = cv_small_plane_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_4x
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Blackburn Skua" 
			type = cv_small_plane_cas_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_4x
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = dive_brakes_small
				special_type_slot_2 = fuel_tanks_small
			}
			icon = "GFX_ENG_CAS1_medium"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Fairey Swordfish" 
			type = cv_small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
			icon = "GFX_ENG_nav_bomber1_medium"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Hawker Hurricane" 
			type = small_plane_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_4x
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_4x
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
			icon = "GFX_ENG_fighter1_medium"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Supermarine Spitfire" 
			type = small_plane_airframe_2
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_4x
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_4x
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
			icon = "GFX_ENG_fighter2_medium"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Fairey Battle" 
			type = small_plane_cas_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = small_bomb_bay
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = bomb_locks
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
			icon = "GFX_ENG_light_plane_1_medium"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Bristol Blenheim IF" 
			type = medium_plane_fighter_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_4x
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_2x
				special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
			}
			icon = "GFX_ENG_heavy_fighter1_medium"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "HP Hampden" 
			type = medium_plane_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = torpedo_mounting
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_2x
				special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Vickers Wellington" 
			type = medium_plane_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = medium_bomb_bay
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_2x
				special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret_2x
				special_type_slot_2 = lmg_defense_turret

			}
			icon = "GFX_ENG_tactical_bomber1_medium"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Short Sunderland" 
			type = large_plane_maritime_patrol_plane_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting 
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = empty
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_4x
				special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret_2x
				special_type_slot_2 = lmg_defense_turret_2x
				special_type_slot_3 = lmg_defense_turret_2x
				special_type_slot_4 = flying_boat_large
				special_type_slot_5 = self_sealing_fuel_tanks_large

			}
			icon = "GFX_ENG_heavy_plane_1_medium"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "HP Halifax" 
			type = large_plane_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = large_bomb_bay
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = large_bomb_bay
				engine_type_slot = engine_3_4x #Increased tier due to thrust/weight issues
				special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret_2x
				special_type_slot_2 = lmg_defense_turret
				special_type_slot_3 = empty
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
				special_type_slot_5 = self_sealing_fuel_tanks_large

			}
			icon = "GFX_ENG_strategic_bomber1_medium"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Whitley" 
			type = medium_plane_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_2x
				special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret_2x
			}
		}
	}
}

######################## 1941

1941.1.1 = {

    

	add_to_faction = CAN
	add_to_faction = AST
	add_to_faction = SAF
	add_to_faction = BEL
	add_to_faction = HOL
	add_to_faction = INS
	add_to_faction = ETH
	add_to_faction = OMA
	add_to_faction = FRA
	add_to_faction = IRQ
	add_to_faction = BHU
	add_to_faction = NEP

	retire_character = ENG_neville_chamberlain
	promote_character = ENG_winston_churchill

	#adding ministers
	add_ideas = {
		war_economy
		limited_conscription
	}

	if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "ENG_1941_Naval"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "ENG_1941_Naval_Legacy"
	}
}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "ENG_1941_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "ENG_1941_air_legacy"
		}
	}

	complete_national_focus = limited_rearmament_focus
	complete_national_focus = shadow_scheme_focus
	complete_national_focus = air_defense_focus
	complete_national_focus = radar_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_industrial_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_empire_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_service_focus
	complete_national_focus = general_rearmament_focus
	complete_national_focus = air_rearmament_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_colonial_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_asia_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_burma_focus
	complete_national_focus = naval_rearmament_focus
	complete_national_focus = ENG_motorized_focus
	complete_national_focus = ENG_steady_as_she_goes
	complete_national_focus = ENG_home_defence
	complete_national_focus = ENG_tank_focus
	complete_national_focus = crypto_bomb_focus
	complete_national_focus = ENG_issue_gasmasks
	complete_national_focus = ENG_military_training_act
	complete_national_focus = fighter_command_focus
	complete_national_focus = bomber_command_focus
	complete_national_focus = coastal_command_focus
	complete_national_focus = aircraft_production_focus
	complete_national_focus = tizard_mission_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_destroyer_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_waves_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_convoy_focus
	complete_national_focus = maud_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_mediterranean_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_carrier_focus
	complete_national_focus = hongkong_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_iraq_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_rock_focus
	complete_national_focus = singapore_focus
	complete_national_focus = peninsular_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_amphibious_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_protect_suez
	complete_national_focus = uk_malta_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_commonwealth_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_canada_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_australia_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_new_zealand_focus
	complete_national_focus = sp_landward_forts_focus


set_technology = {
    
    ### INFANTRY ###

    #Weapons
    infantry_weapons2 = 1
    improved_infantry_weapons = 1
    improved_infantry_weapons_2 = 1

    #Support
    modern_support_weapons2 = 1

    #Mechanized
    mechanised_infantry = 1

    ### SUPPORT ###

    #Engineers
    tech_engineers6 = 1

    #Recon
    tech_recon5 = 1
    tech_recon6 = 1

    #Military Police
    tech_military_police_5 = 1

    #Mortar Companies
    tech_mortar_company5 = 1

    #Field Hospital
    tech_field_hospital = 1

    #Logistics Company
    tech_logistics_company = 1

    #Signal Company
    tech_signal_company = 1

    #Trains
    wartime_train = 1

    ### ARTILLERY ###

    artillery1 = 1
    howitzer8 = 1

    #Anti Air
    interwar_antiair = 1
    antiair1 = 1

    #Anti Tank
    interwar_antitank = 1
    antitank1 = 1

    #Naval Bomber
    naval_bomber2 = 1

    #Bomber
    tactical_bomber2 = 1
    strategic_bomber1 = 1

    ### ENGINEERING ###

    improved_computing = 1
    radio_detection = 1
    decimetric_radar = 1

    ### INDUSTRY ###

    improved_machine_tools = 1
    advanced_machine_tools = 1

    concentrated_industry2 = 1
    concentrated_industry3 = 1

    construction7 = 1
    excavation1 = 1
    construction8 = 1
    excavation2 = 1
    construction9 = 1
    excavation3 = 1
	}

if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### ARMOR ###

		basic_medium_tank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
		engine_tech_2 = 1
		armor_tech_1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		basic_medium_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	### AIR ###

    #Fighter
    fighter2 = 1
    cv_fighter2 = 1

    #CAS
    cv_CAS1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
	### AIR ###

    #Fighter
    improved_small_airframe = 1

    #Medium
    early_improved_bomber = 1
	}
}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Matilda II"
		type = light_tank_chassis_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
			special_type_slot_2 = empty
			special_type_slot_3 = secondary_turret_hmg
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
	set_oob = "ENG_1941_nsb"

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		basic_medium_tank = 1
	}
	set_oob = "ENG_1941"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### WW2 NAVAL ###

		#Light Ships
	    improved_depth_charges = 1
	    improved_sonar = 1

	    #Cruisers
	    basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1

	    #Submarine
	    early_ship_hull_submarine = 1

	    basic_torpedo = 1
	    improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
	    basic_battery = 1
	    mtg_transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		improved_destroyer = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}

}

######################## 1942

1942.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1200


	complete_national_focus = royal_ordinance_factories
	complete_national_focus = uk_small_arms_focus

	add_to_faction = FRA
	add_to_faction = USA
	add_to_faction = CAN
	add_to_faction = AST
	add_to_faction = ANA
	add_to_faction = SAF
	add_to_faction = PER
	add_to_faction = BRA
	add_to_faction = IRQ
	add_to_faction = OMA
	add_to_faction = YEM
	add_to_faction = BEL
	add_to_faction = ETH
	add_to_faction = YEM
	add_to_faction = HAI
	add_to_faction = DOM


	RAJ = {
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = ENG
			enemy = GER
		}
	}
	CAN = {
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = ENG
			enemy = GER
		}
	}
	SAF = {
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = ENG
			enemy = GER
		}
	}
	AST = {
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = ENG
			enemy = GER
		}
	}
	NZL = {
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = ENG
			enemy = GER
		}
	}
	FRA = {
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = ENG
			enemy = GER
		}
	}
	ANA = {
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = ENG
			enemy = GER
		}
	}


	#adding ministers
	add_ideas = {

		#laws
		war_economy
		limited_conscription
	}

	set_stability = 0.9

	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "ENG_1941_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "ENG_1941_air_legacy"
		}
	}
    if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "ENG_1942_Naval"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "ENG_1942_Naval_Legacy"
	}
}


set_technology = {
		
	### INFANTRY ###

	#Weapons
	infantry_at = 1

	#Support
	modern_support_weapons3 = 1

	#Mechanized
	motorized_rocket_unit = 1

	### SUPPORT ###

	#Engineer
	tech_engineers7 = 1

	#Recon
	tech_recon7 = 1

	#Military Police
	tech_military_police_6 = 1

	#Maintenance Company
	tech_maintenance_company6 = 1

	#Mortar Company
	tech_mortar_company6 = 1

	#Field Hospital
	tech_field_hospital2 = 1

	#Logistics Company
	tech_logistics_company2 = 1

	#Signal Company
	tech_signal_company2 = 1

	### ARTILLERY ###

	artillery2 = 1
	howitzer9 = 1

	#Anti Air
	antiair2 = 1

	#Anti Tank
	antitank2 = 1

    #Naval Bomber
    cv_naval_bomber2 = 1

    #Bomber
    strategic_bomber2 = 1

    ### ENGINEERING ###

    improved_decimetric_radar = 1
    basic_fire_control_system = 1

    ### INDUSTRY ###

    assembly_line_production = 1

    concentrated_industry4 = 1

    construction10 = 1
    excavation4 = 1

    ### DOCTRINES ###

    #Land Doctrine
    defence_in_depth = 1
    peoples_army = 1

    #Air Doctrine
    force_rotation = 1
    fighter_baiting = 1

    #Naval Doctrine
    trade_interdiction = 1
    convoy_interdiction_ti = 1
    raider_patrols = 1
 }
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	### AIR ###

    #CAS
    CAS2 = 1
    cv_CAS2 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
	### AIR ###

	#Medium
	early_medium_bomb = 1

	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### ARMOR ###
        
        early_armored_car7 = 1
		basic_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
		armor_tech_2 = 1
	}
	set_oob = "ENG_1942_nsb"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	    eg_armored_car7 = 1
		basic_heavy_tank = 1
	}
	set_oob = "ENG_1942"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### WW2 NAVAL ###
        
        #Light Ships
        improved_ship_hull_light = 1

        #Submarines
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1

        magnetic_detonator = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        damage_control_1 = 1
        fire_control_methods_1 = 1
		
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
	}
}

}

######################## 1943

1943.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1200


			create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Invincible Class"
			type = ship_hull_heavy_3
			name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_3
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_2
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_3
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_3
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_3
			}
		}

	add_to_faction = USA
	add_to_faction = CAN
	add_to_faction = AST
	add_to_faction = ANA
	add_to_faction = SAF
	add_to_faction = PER
	add_to_faction = BRA
	add_to_faction = IRQ
	add_to_faction = OMA
	add_to_faction = YEM
	add_to_faction = BEL
	add_to_faction = ETH
	add_to_faction = YEM
	add_to_faction = HAI
	add_to_faction = DOM



	#adding ministers
	add_ideas = {

		#laws
		war_economy
		limited_conscription
	}

	set_stability = 0.9

	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "ENG_1943_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "ENG_1943_air_legacy"
		}
	}
	if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "ENG_1943_Naval"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "ENG_1943_Naval_Legacy"
	}
}


	set_technology = {
		
	### INFANTRY ###

	#Weapons
	advanced_infantry_weapons = 1

	#Special Forces
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers2 = 1
	tech_mountaineers3 = 1
	marines = 1
	marines2 = 1
	marines3 = 1

	#Support
	

	#Mechanized
	

	### SUPPORT ###

	#Engineer
	

	#Recon
	

	#Military Police
	

	#Maintenance Company
	

	#Mortar Company
	tech_mortar_company7 = 1

	#Field Hospital
	tech_field_hospital3 = 1

	#Logistics Company
	

	#Signal Company
	

	### ARTILLERY ###

	artillery2 = 1
	

	#Anti Air
	

	#Anti Tank
	antitank3 = 1

	#Rocket Artillery
	rocket_artillery = 1  

    ### ENGINEERING ###

    improved_fire_control_system = 1

    ### INDUSTRY ###

    synth_oil_experiments = 1
    fuel_refining = 1
    synth_rubber_experiments = 1

    ### DOCTRINES ###

    #Land Doctrine
    human_infantry_offensive = 1

    #Air Doctrine
    low_echelon_support = 1
    dispersed_fighting = 1

    #Naval Doctrine
    carrier_operations = 1
    unrestricted_submarine_warfare = 1
    convoy_sailing_ti = 1

 }
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
	### AIR ###

	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### ARMOR ###
        
        #Armored Car
        armored_car2 = 1

        #Light
        advanced_light_tank_chassis = 1

        #Medium
        improved_medium_tank_chassis = 1
        
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Cruiser Mk. II"
		type = medium_tank_chassis_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_medium_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_medium_three_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
			special_type_slot_2 = stabilizer
			special_type_slot_3 = secondary_turret_hmg
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
	}
	set_oob = "ENG_1943_nsb"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	    eg_armored_car8 = 1
	    basic_light_td = 1
	    basic_light_art = 1
	    basic_light_spaa = 1
	    improved_light_td = 1
	    improved_light_art = 1
	    improved_light_spaa =1 
	    basic_medium_td = 1
	    basic_medium_art = 1
	    basic_medium_spaa = 1
	    advanced_light_tank = 1
	    improved_medium_tank = 1
	}
	set_oob = "ENG_1943"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### WW2 NAVAL ###
        
        #Cruisers
        improved_airplane_launcher = 1
        basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1

        #Batteries
        basic_medium_battery = 1
        basic_heavy_battery = 1
        basic_light_shell = 1

        #Fire Control Methods
        fire_control_methods_2 = 1

        #Transport
        mtg_landing_craft = 1

        #Mines
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        improved_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
		
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		improved_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
		landing_craft = 1
		improved_submarine = 1
	}
}

}

######################## 1944-1

1944.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1200

	complete_national_focus = uk_extra_tech_slot
	complete_national_focus = uk_small_arms_focus
	complete_national_focus = uk_south_africa_focus

	#adding ministers
	add_ideas = {

		#laws
		partial_economic_mobilisation
		limited_conscription
	}
	add_to_faction = KIT

	set_stability = 0.9

	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "ENG_1944_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "ENG_1944_air_legacy"
		}
	}
	if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "ENG_1944_Naval"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "ENG_1944_Naval_Legacy"
	}
}


	set_technology = {
		
	### INFANTRY ###

	#Weapons
	

	#Support
	

	#Mechanized
	

	### SUPPORT ###

	#Engineer
	

	#Recon
	

	#Military Police
	

	#Maintenance Company
	

	#Mortar Company
	

	#Field Hospital
	

	#Logistics Company
	

	#Signal Company
	

	### ARTILLERY ###

	artillery3 = 1
	howitzer10 = 1

	#Anti Air
	antiair3 = 1

	#Anti Tank
    

    ### ENGINEERING ###

    centimetric_radar = 1

    ### INDUSTRY ###

    fuel_refining2 = 1
    oil_plant = 1
    rubber_plant = 1

    ### DOCTRINES ###

    #Land Doctrine
    large_front_offensive = 1

    #Air Doctrine
    operational_destruction = 1
    fighter_veteran_initiative = 1 

    #Naval Doctrine
    subsidiary_carrier_role_ti = 1
    capital_ship_raiders = 1

 }
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	### AIR ###

    #CAS
    

    #Naval Bomber
    

    #Bomber
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
	### AIR ###

    #CAS
    

    #Naval Bomber
    

    #Bomber
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### ARMOR ###
        
        #Heavy
        improved_heavy_tank_chassis = 1

        #Engine
        engine_tech_3 = 1
	}
	set_oob = "ENG_1944_nsb"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	    basic_heavy_td = 1
	    basic_heavy_art = 1
	    basic_heavy_spaa = 1
	    advanced_light_tank_a = 1
	    improved_heavy_tank = 1
	}
	set_oob = "ENG_1944"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### WW2 NAVAL ###
        
        #Light
        advanced_depth_charges = 1

        #Cruiser
		improved_ship_hull_cruiser = 1

		#Heavy
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1

		#Submarine
		improved_ship_hull_submarine = 1

		#Armaments
		improved_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_shell = 1
		basic_heavy_shell = 1
		damage_control_2 = 1
		degaussing = 1

	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		improved_heavy_cruiser = 1
		basic_battlecruiser = 1
		basic_battleship = 1
	}
}

}

######################## 1944-2


1944.12.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1200

	add_ideas = {
		partial_economic_mobilisation
		limited_conscription
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Winston Churchill"
		desc = "POLITICS_CHURCHILL_DESC"
		picture = "Portrait_Britain_winston_Churchill.dds"
		expire = "1989.1.1"
		ideology = conservatism
		traits = {
			#
		}
	}

	add_to_faction = FIN

	set_stability = 0.9
	oob = "ENG_1944_D"
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "ENG_1944_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "ENG_1944_air_legacy"
		}
	}
	if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "ENG_1944D_Naval"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "ENG_1944D_Naval_Legacy"
	}
}


	set_technology = {
		
	### INFANTRY ###

	#Weapons
	night_vision = 1

	#Support
	

	#Mechanized
	mechanised_infantry2 = 1

	#Special
	paratroopers = 1
	

	### SUPPORT ###

	#Engineer
	

	#Recon
	

	#Military Police
	

	#Maintenance Company
	tech_maintenance_company7 = 1

	#Mortar Company
	

	#Field Hospital
	

	#Logistics Company
	

	#Signal Company
	

	### ARTILLERY ###

	artillery4 = 1
	
	#Anti Air
	antiair4 = 1

	#Anti Tank
	antitank4 = 1

	#Rocket
	rocket_artillery2 = 1
    

    ### ENGINEERING ###

    advanced_computing = 1

    ### INDUSTRY ###

    improved_oil_plant = 1
    fuel_refining3 = 1
    improved_rubber_plant = 1

    ### DOCTRINES ###

    #Land Doctrine
    

    #Air Doctrine
    cas_veteran_initiative = 1
    naval_strike_torpedo_tactics_oi = 1

    #Naval Doctrine
    battlefleet_concentration_ti = 1
    wolfpacks = 1
    
 }
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	### AIR ###

    #CAS
    

    #Naval Bomber
    

    #Bomber


    #Heavy Fighter
    heavy_fighter1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
	### AIR ###

    #CAS
    

    #Naval Bomber
    

    #Bomber


    #Heavy Fighter
    iw_medium_airframe = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### ARMOR ###

		#Armored Car
		armored_car3 = 1
        
        #Armor
        armor_tech_3 = 1

        #Medium
        advanced_medium_tank_chassis = 1

	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	    eg_armored_car9 = 1
	    advanced_light_td = 1
	    advanced_light_art = 1
	    advanced_light_spaa = 1
	    improved_medium_td = 1
	    improved_medium_art = 1
	    improved_medium_spaa = 1
	    advanced_medium_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### WW2 NAVAL ###
        
        #Cruiser

        #Heavy
        basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1

        #Armaments
        improved_medium_battery = 1
        improved_heavy_battery = 1
        damage_control_3 = 1
        improved_submarine_mine_laying = 1
		
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		advanced_destroyer = 1
		advanced_light_cruiser = 1
		improved_battleship = 1
	}
}

}

######################## 1945

1945.1.1 = {

	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "ENG_1944_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "ENG_1944_air_legacy"
		}
	}
	
	set_technology = {
		
	### INFANTRY ###

	#Weapons
	

	#Support
	modern_support_weapons4 = 1

	#Mechanized

	#Special
	paratroopers2 = 1
	

	### SUPPORT ###

	#Engineer
	

	#Recon
	

	#Military Police
	tech_military_police_7 = 1

	#Maintenance Company
	

	#Mortar Company
	

	#Field Hospital
	

	#Logistics Company
	

	#Signal Company
	

	### ARTILLERY ###

	#Anti Air
	antiair5 = 1

	#Anti Tank
	antitank5 = 1

	#Rocket
	rocket_artillery3 = 1
    

    ### ENGINEERING ###

    advanced_fire_control_system = 1

    ### INDUSTRY ###

    concentrated_industry5 = 1

    construction11 = 1
    excavation5 = 1

    advanced_oil_plant = 1
    fuel_refining4 = 1
    advanced_rubber_plant = 1

    ### DOCTRINES ###

    #Land Doctrine
    human_wave_offensive = 1

    #Air Doctrine
    carousel_bombing = 1
    infiltration_bombing = 1

    #Naval Doctrine
    floating_fortress_ti = 1
    naval_air_operations = 1

 }
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	### AIR ###

    #CAS
    

    #Naval Bomber
    

    #Bomber
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
	### AIR ###

    #CAS
    

    #Naval Bomber
    

    #Bomber
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### ARMOR ###
        
        #Heavy
        advanced_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	    improved_heavy_td = 1 
	    improved_heavy_art = 1
	    improved_heavy_spaa = 1 
	    advanced_heavy_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### WW2 NAVAL ###
        
        #Light
        advanced_ship_hull_light = 1

        #Heavy
        basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1

        #Submarine
        basic_submarine_snorkel = 1

        #Armaments
        electric_torpedo = 1
        advanced_naval_mines = 1 
		
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		early_carrier = 1
	}
}

}
