capital = 282

######################## 1910

1910.1.1 = {

add_ideas = {
	state_shintoism
	limited_conscription
	heavy_industry
	advanced_training
	censored_press
	massive_education_investment
}

# DIPLOMACY
if = {
	limit = {
		OR = {
			has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = KOR
		autonomous_state = autonomy_integrated_puppet
	}
	else = {
		puppet = KOR
	}
}
	
oob = "JAP_1910"

recruit_character = JAP_emperor_meiji
recruit_character = JAP_emperor_taisho
recruit_character = JAP_Kato_Takaaki
recruit_character = JAP_Hirota_Koki
recruit_character = JAP_Kenkichi_Yoshizawa
recruit_character = JAP_Okada_Keisuke
recruit_character = JAP_Suzuki_Kisaburo
recruit_character = JAP_Yoshida_Shigeru
recruit_character = JAP_Abe_Nobuyuki
recruit_character = JAP_Kichisaburo_Nomura
recruit_character = JAP_Hayashi_Senjuro
recruit_character = JAP_Suzuki_Kantaro
recruit_character = JAP_Kiyoura_Keigo
recruit_character = JAP_Okama_Shigenobu
recruit_character = JAP_Baba_Eiichi
recruit_character = JAP_Kobayashi_Seizo
recruit_character = JAP_Tanabe_Harumichi
recruit_character = JAP_Wakasuki_Reidiro
recruit_character = JAP_Machida_Chuji
recruit_character = JAP_Yamagata_Aritomo_3
recruit_character = JAP_Hata_Shunroku
recruit_character = JAP_Inoue_Ikutaro
recruit_character = JAP_Shirakawa_Yoshinori
recruit_character = JAP_Yamamoto_Eisuke
recruit_character = JAP_Ijuin_Goro
recruit_character = JAP_Osumi_Mineo
recruit_character = JAP_Kato_Hirohara
recruit_character = JAP_Kato_Tomosaburo
recruit_character = JAP_Suito_Makoto
recruit_character = JAP_Fushimi_Hiroyasu
recruit_character = JAP_Yamagata_Aritomo_2
recruit_character = JAP_Kanin_Kotohito
recruit_character = JAP_Takashima_Tomonosuke
recruit_character = JAP_Tanaka_Giichi
recruit_character = JAP_Terachi_Masatake
recruit_character = JAP_kamio_mitsuomi
recruit_character = JAP_kuroki_tamemoto
recruit_character = JAP_nogi_maresuke
recruit_character = JAP_oyama_iwao
recruit_character = JAP_togo_heihachiro
recruit_character = JAP_Yamagata_Aritomo
recruit_character = JAP_Abe_Nobuyuki_2
recruit_character = JAP_Hasegawa_Yoshmichi
recruit_character = JAP_Kawai_Misao
recruit_character = JAP_Kigoshi_Yasutsuna
recruit_character = JAP_Kusunose_Yukihiko
recruit_character = JAP_Oka_Yasukata

set_technology = {

		### INFANTRY ###

		#Weapons
		early_infantry_weapons = 1

		#Support
		early_support_weapons = 1

		#Motorized
		horses = 1

		### SUPPORT ###
		
		tech_support = 1

		#Trains
		early_basic_train = 1

		### ARTILLERY ###

		horse_artillery = 1

		### WW1 NAVAL ###

		#Light Ships
		ww1_early_ship_hull_light = 1
		ww1_basic_ship_hull_light = 1

		#Cruisers
		ww1_early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1

		#Dreads
		ww1_early_ship_hull_heavy = 1

		#Submarines
		ww1_early_ship_hull_submarine = 1

		### ENGINEERING ###

		census_tabulating = 1
	}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = { 
		early_armored_car = 1
		
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		eg_early_armored_car = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		experimental_aircraft = 1
		airframe = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		early_experimental_aircraft = 1
		early_airframe = 1
	}
}

# Battleships #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Settsu Class"	
	type = ww1_ship_hull_heavy_1
	name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ww1_ship_heavy_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ww1_ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = ww1_heavy_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ww1_ship_secondaries_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ww1_ship_armor_bb_1
		front_1_custom_slot = ww1_ship_heavy_battery_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = ww1_ship_secondaries_1
		mid_2_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
}

# Heavy Cruisers #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Kongo Class"				
	type = ww1_ship_hull_cruiser_1
	name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ww1_ship_medium_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ww1_ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = ww1_cruiser_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ww1_ship_armor_cruiser_1
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ww1_ship_secondaries_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		mid_2_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
	
}

# Light Cruisers #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Chikuma Class"
	type = ww1_ship_hull_cruiser_1
	name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ww1_ship_light_medium_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ww1_ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = ww1_cruiser_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ww1_ship_armor_cruiser_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = ww1_ship_torpedo_1
		mid_2_custom_slot = ww1_ship_light_medium_battery_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
}

# Destroyers #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Ikazuchi Class"	
	type = ww1_ship_hull_light_1
	name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ww1_ship_light_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ww1_ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = ww1_light_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ww1_ship_torpedo_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
}

# Submarines #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Kaigun Holland Type"				
	type = ww1_ship_hull_submarine_1
	name_group = JAP_SS_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ww1_ship_torpedo_sub_1
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = ww1_sub_ship_engine_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = ww1_ship_torpedo_sub_1
	}
}

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1907.1.1"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = no
	}

    set_popularities = {
        fascism = 2
        neutrality = 60
        democratic = 35
        communism = 3
    }
}

######################## 1914

1914.1.1 = {

	# Pol Sector
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_political_effort

	# Army Secor
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_20_cent_military
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_equipment_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_doctrine_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_support_weapons_1
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_armored_cars_1

	# Airforce Sector
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_establish_airforce
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_build_fuselage
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_air_armament
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_fighter_1
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_naval_air_research
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_naval_aircraft_1
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_pilot_training_1
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_pilot_training_2
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_bomber_research
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_bomber_1

	#  Industrial Sector
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_airfield_construction_1
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_infrastructure_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_construction_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_armament_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_dockyard_1

	# Naval Sector
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_naval_effort

	add_political_power = 150

    retire_character = JAP_emperor_meiji
    promote_character = JAP_emperor_taisho

	set_war_support = 0.45
	set_stability = 0.70
	oob = "JAP_1914"
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1914_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1914_air_legacy"
		}
	}

set_technology = {

		### INFANTRY ###

		hand_grenade = 1

		### SUPPORT ###

		tech_engineers = 1

		### WWI ARMOR ###
		

		### ARTILLERY ###

		horse_artillery2 = 1
		early_artillery_1 = 1

		### WW1 NAVAL ###

		#Light Ships
        ww1_basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        ww1_smoke_generator = 1
        ww1_basic_depth_charges = 1

        #Cruisers
        ww1_early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1

		### ENGINEERING ###

		automatic_feed_tab = 1
		ww1_basic_fire_control_system = 1

		### INDUSTRY ###
		early_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1

		### DOCTRINES ###

		#Land Doctrine
		nineteenth_cent_warfare = 1
		twenty_cent_warfare = 1

		#Air Doctrine
		powered_flight = 1
		air_recon = 1

		#Naval Doctrine
		indirect_intervention = 1
		trade_interdiction2 = 1
	}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		early_engine = 1
		early_fuselage = 1
	}
}

}

######################## 1916

1916.1.1 = {

	oob = "JAP_1916"
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1914_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1914_air_legacy"
		}
	}
	
set_technology = {

		### INFANTRY ###

		#Weapons
		early_infantry_weapons2 = 1
		early_infantry_equip = 1

		#Support
		early_support_weapons2 = 1
		early_support_weapons3 = 1

		#Motorized
		bicycles = 1

		### SUPPORT ###
		tech_mortar_company1 = 1

        #Trains
		early_wartime_train = 1

		### WW1 ARMOR ###
		
		### ARTILLERY ###

		early_artillery_2 = 1

		### WW1 NAVAL ###

		ww1_improved_depth_charges = 1
		ww1_sonar = 1
		ww1_basic_torpedo = 1
		ww1_basic_battery = 1
		ww1_basic_secondary_battery = 1
		ww1_transport = 1

		### ENGINEERING ###

		ww1_improved_fire_control_system = 1
		
		### INDUSTRY ###

		improved_early_machine_tools = 1

		trench_warfare = 1

		#Construction
		construction2 = 1

		### DOCTRINES ###

		#Land Doctrine
		leading_by_order = 1

		#Air Doctrine
		air_duel_doctrine = 1

		#Naval Doctrine
		distracting_maneuver = 1
	}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		air_armaments = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		early_air_armaments = 1
	}
}

}

######################## 1918

1918.1.1 = {

	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_take_position
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_support_entente
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_state_claims_2
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_send_aid_2
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_join_entente

	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_naval_aircraft_2
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_naval_aircraft_3
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_pilot_training_3
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_pilot_training_4
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_bomber_2
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_bomber_3

	# Naval Sector
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_large_navy_effort
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_capital_effort
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_battle_cruiser_effort
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_experimental_submarine
	complete_national_focus = shared_GEN_submarine_research

	add_political_power = 1500

	add_ideas = {
		service_by_requirement
	}

	set_war_support = 0.45
	set_stability = 0.70
	oob = "JAP_1918"
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1918_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1918_air_legacy"
		}
	}

set_technology = {

		### INFANTRY ###

		#Machine Gun
		machine_gun = 1

		#Grenade
		frag_grenade = 1

		#Gas Mask
		gas_mask = 1

		#Weapons
		early_infantry_weapons3 = 1

		### SUPPORT ###

		tech_engineers2 = 1

        #Train
		early_armored_train = 1

		### ARTILLERY ###

		early_artillery_3 = 1
		howitzer = 1
		howitzer2 = 1

		### WW1 NAVAL ###

		#Light Ships
		ww1_improved_ship_hull_light = 1
		ww1_advanced_depth_charges = 1
		ww1_improved_sonar = 1

		#Cruisers
		ww1_basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1

		#Submarines
		ww1_early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		ww1_improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1

		ww1_damage_control_1 = 1

		ww1_landing_craft = 1

		### ENGINEERING ###
		
		### INDUSTRY ###

		total_war1 = 1
		advanced_early_machine_tools = 1
		wood_flooring = 1

		### DOCTRINES ###

		#Land Doctrine
		strong_point = 1 
		mass_charge = 1

		#Air Doctrine
		bomb_dropping = 1
		air_counter_air = 1

		#Naval Doctrine
		naval_baiting = 1
		convoy_raiding = 1
	}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = { 

		### WWI ARMOR ###

		tank_engine = 1
		tank_armor = 1
		tank_gun = 1	
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		eg_tank_engine = 1
		eg_tank_armor = 1
		eg_tank_gun = 1	
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		prototype_fighter = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = { 
		### AIR ###

		early_prototype_fighter = 1

		#Medium
		early_light_bomb = 1
	}
}

}

######################## 1936

1936.1.1 = {

set_stability = 0.2 #baseline, THE EMPEROR PROTECTS
set_war_support = 0.8

set_research_slots = 4
set_fuel_ratio = 1.0
add_ideas = {
	state_shintoism
	limited_exports
	limited_conscription
	partial_economic_mobilisation

	JAP_zaibatsus
	JAP_duplicate_research_efforts
	JAP_militarism
}

609 = {
	start_resistance = yes
	set_compliance = 5
	set_resistance = 5
	set_garrison_strength = 1.0
}

527 = {
	start_resistance = yes
	set_compliance = 5
	set_resistance = 5
	set_garrison_strength = 1.0
}

525 = {
	start_resistance = yes
	set_compliance = 5
	set_resistance = 5
	set_garrison_strength = 1.0
}

745 = {
	start_resistance = yes
	set_compliance = 5
	set_resistance = 5
	set_garrison_strength = 1.0
}

524 = {
	start_resistance = yes
	set_compliance = 5
	set_resistance = 5
	set_garrison_strength = 1.0
}

647 = {
	start_resistance = yes
	set_compliance = 20
	set_resistance = 0
	set_garrison_strength = 1.0
}

684 = {
	start_resistance = yes
	set_compliance = 20
	set_resistance = 0
	set_garrison_strength = 1.0
}

633 = {
	start_resistance = yes
	set_compliance = 20
	set_resistance = 0
	set_garrison_strength = 1.0
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger" }
	add_ideas = {
		JAP_interservice_rivalry_balanced		
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	add_ideas = MTG_naval_treaty_adherent
}

set_technology = {

	### INFANTRY ###

	#Weapons
	early_infantry_equip2 = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	early_infantry_weapons4 = 1
	early_infantry_weapons5 = 1
	early_infantry_equip3 = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	early_infantry_weapons6 = 1
	interwars_infantry_equip = 1

	#Support Equipment
	early_support_weapons4 = 1
	early_support_weapons5 = 1
	interwar_support_weapons = 1
	interwar_support_weapons2 = 1
	interwar_support_weapons3 = 1

	#Gas Mask
	gas_mask2 = 1
	gas_mask3 = 1

	#Machine Gun
	machine_gun2 = 1
	machine_gun3 = 1
	machine_gun4 = 1
	interwar_machine_gun = 1

	#Motorized
	early_motorised_infantry = 1

	### SUPPORT ###

	tech_support = 1

	#Engineers
	tech_engineers3 = 1
	tech_engineers4 = 1

	#Recon
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_recon2 = 1
	tech_recon3 = 1
	tech_recon4 = 1

	#Military Police
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_military_police2 = 1
	tech_military_police3 = 1
	tech_military_police4 = 1

	#Tech Maintenance
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company2 = 1
	tech_maintenance_company3 = 1
	tech_maintenance_company4 = 1

	#Mortar Company
	tech_mortar_company2 = 1
	tech_mortar_company3 = 1
	tech_mortar_company4 = 1

	### ARTILLERY ###

	#Artillery
	early_artillery_4 = 1
	early_artillery_5 = 1
	early_artillery_6 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1	


	#Howitzer
	howitzer3 = 1
	howitzer4 = 1
	howitzer5 = 1

	#Anti Air
	anti_air = 1
	anti_air2 = 1

	#Anti Tank
	early_antitank = 1

	### WW1 NAVAL ###

	#Light Ships
	ww1_improved_ship_hull_light = 1
	ww1_advanced_ship_hull_light = 1
	ww1_advanced_depth_charges = 1
	ww1_modern_depth_charges = 1

	#Cruisers
	ww1_basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	ww1_improved_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	ww1_advanced_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	ww1_basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
	ww1_improved_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
	ww1_advanced_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1

	#Heavy Ships
	ww1_early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	ww1_basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	ww1_improved_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	ww1_advanced_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	ww1_basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
	ww1_improved_heavy_armor_scheme = 1

	#Torpedos and Submarines
	ww1_magnetic_detonator = 1
	ww1_homing_torpedo = 1
	ww1_electric_torpedo = 1
	ww1_improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
	ww1_advanced_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
	ww1_modern_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
	ww1_early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	ww1_basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	ww1_improved_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	ww1_advanced_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	ww1_basic_submarine_snorkel = 1
	ww1_improved_submarine_snorkel = 1

	#Armaments
	ww1_basic_light_battery = 1
	ww1_improved_light_battery = 1
	ww1_advanced_light_battery = 1
	ww1_basic_light_shell = 1
	ww1_improved_light_shell = 1
	ww1_basic_medium_battery = 1
	ww1_improved_medium_battery = 1
	ww1_advanced_medium_battery = 1
	ww1_basic_medium_shell = 1
	ww1_improved_medium_shell = 1
	ww1_basic_heavy_battery = 1
	ww1_improved_heavy_battery = 1
	ww1_advanced_heavy_battery = 1
	ww1_basic_heavy_shell = 1
	ww1_improved_heavy_shell = 1
	ww1_basic_secondary_battery = 1
	ww1_improved_secondary_battery = 1
	ww1_dp_secondary_battery = 1

	#Damage Control
	ww1_damage_control_2 = 1
	ww1_damage_control_3 = 1

	#Fire Control Methods
	ww1_fire_control_methods_1 = 1
	ww1_fire_control_methods_2 = 1
	ww1_fire_control_methods_3 = 1

	#Mines 
	ww1_basic_naval_mines = 1
	ww1_submarine_mine_laying = 1
	ww1_improved_submarine_mine_laying = 1
	ww1_improved_naval_mines = 1
	ww1_degaussing = 1
	ww1_advanced_naval_mines = 1
	ww1_airdrop_mines = 1
	ww1_modern_naval_mines = 1
	ww1_airsweep_mines = 1

	#Transport
	ww1_tank_landing_craft = 1

	### WW2 NAVAL ###

	#Naval Bomber
	torpedo_bomb = 1
	early_naval_bomber = 1
	cv_naval_bomber0 = 1
	interwars_naval_bomber = 1

	#Early Bomber
	light_bomb = 1
	ww1_early_bomber = 1
	basic_bomber = 1
	improved_bomber = 1
	medium_bomb = 1
	engine3 = 1
	early_bomber = 1

	#Heavy Fighter
	fuel_tank2 = 1
	heavy_engine = 1
	heavy_bomb = 1
	heavy_airframe = 1

	### ENGINEERING ###
	cipher_machine = 1
	ww1_advanced_fire_control_system = 1
	mechanical_computing = 1
	teleprinter = 1
	accounting_machine = 1

	### INDUSTRY ###
	advanced_early_machine_tools = 1
	demobilization_machine_tools = 1

	#Total War
	total_war2 = 1
	total_war3 = 1
	demobilization2 = 1

	#Construction
	construction1 = 1
	construction2 = 1
	construction3 = 1
	construction4 = 1
	constructiondemob = 1
	construction5 = 1

	#Refineries
	fuel_silos = 1

	#Trenches
	better_trench_conditions = 1
	anti_air52 = 1

	### DOCTRINES ###

	#Land Doctrine
	static_defense = 1
	counterattack = 1
	defense_in_depth = 1
	offensive_attrition = 1
	seperate_armed_forces = 1
	forward_control = 1
	combined_arms = 1
	specialized_branch_tactical = 1
	post_gw = 1

	#Naval Doctrine
	convoy_raiding = 1
	post_gw2 = 1

	#Air Doctrine
	tas_concept = 1 
	str_concept = 1
	cas_concept = 1
	interwar_bomber_doctrine = 1
	air_counter_air = 1
	force_substitution = 1
	flying_circus = 1
	formal_air_doctrine = 1
	interwar_fighter_doctrine = 1
	post_gw_doctrine = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "JAP_1936_air_bba"
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			engines_2 = 1
			early_bombs = 1
			aircraft_construction = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			iw_medium_airframe = 1
			basic_small_airframe = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "JAP_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			cv_early_fighter = 1
			cv_CAS1 = 1
			cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_fighter = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = { 

	early_armored_car2 = 1
	armored_car1 = 1
	early_armored_car4 = 1
	early_armored_car5 = 1
	early_armored_car6 = 1

	#Early Tanks
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
    gwtank_chassis = 1
		
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1936_nsb"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	eg_armored_car2 = 1
	eg_armored_car3 = 1
	eg_armored_car4 = 1
	eg_armored_car5 = 1
	eg_armored_car6 = 1

	#Early Tanks
	eg_early_tank = 1
	eg_early_tank2 = 1
	eg_early_tank3 = 1
	gwtank = 1
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1936"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		basic_dp_light_battery = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		cruiser_submarines = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1936_naval"
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		basic_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		basic_carrier = 1
		transport = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1936_naval_legacy"
}

create_import = {
		resource = oil
		factories = 2
		exporter = USA
}

set_convoys = 400

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
		not = { has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger" }
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MEN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_integrated_puppet
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MAN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_integrated_puppet
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { 
		not = {
			has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger"
			has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
		}
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MEN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_puppet
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MAN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_puppet
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { 
		has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger"
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MEN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_wtt_imperial_protectorate
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MAN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_wtt_imperial_protectorate
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 100
}

### WWI ERA ###

retire_character = JAP_emperor_taisho
retire_character = JAP_Kato_Takaaki
retire_character = JAP_Hirota_Koki
retire_character = JAP_Kenkichi_Yoshizawa
retire_character = JAP_Okada_Keisuke
retire_character = JAP_Suzuki_Kisaburo
retire_character = JAP_Yoshida_Shigeru
retire_character = JAP_Abe_Nobuyuki
retire_character = JAP_Kichisaburo_Nomura
retire_character = JAP_Hayashi_Senjuro
retire_character = JAP_Suzuki_Kantaro
retire_character = JAP_Kiyoura_Keigo
retire_character = JAP_Okama_Shigenobu
retire_character = JAP_Baba_Eiichi
retire_character = JAP_Kobayashi_Seizo
retire_character = JAP_Tanabe_Harumichi
retire_character = JAP_Wakasuki_Reidiro
retire_character = JAP_Machida_Chuji
retire_character = JAP_Yamagata_Aritomo_3
retire_character = JAP_Hata_Shunroku
retire_character = JAP_Inoue_Ikutaro
retire_character = JAP_Shirakawa_Yoshinori
retire_character = JAP_Yamamoto_Eisuke
retire_character = JAP_Ijuin_Goro
retire_character = JAP_Osumi_Mineo
retire_character = JAP_Kato_Hirohara
retire_character = JAP_Kato_Tomosaburo
retire_character = JAP_Suito_Makoto
retire_character = JAP_Fushimi_Hiroyasu
retire_character = JAP_Yamagata_Aritomo_2
retire_character = JAP_Kanin_Kotohito
retire_character = JAP_Takashima_Tomonosuke
retire_character = JAP_Tanaka_Giichi
retire_character = JAP_Terachi_Masatake
retire_character = JAP_kamio_mitsuomi
retire_character = JAP_kuroki_tamemoto
retire_character = JAP_nogi_maresuke
retire_character = JAP_oyama_iwao
retire_character = JAP_togo_heihachiro
retire_character = JAP_Yamagata_Aritomo
retire_character = JAP_Abe_Nobuyuki_2
retire_character = JAP_Hasegawa_Yoshmichi
retire_character = JAP_Kawai_Misao
retire_character = JAP_Kigoshi_Yasutsuna
retire_character = JAP_Kusunose_Yukihiko
retire_character = JAP_Oka_Yasukata

### VANILLA ###

recruit_character = JAP_tetsu_katayama
recruit_character = JAP_kyuichi_tokuda
recruit_character = JAP_emperor_hirohito
recruit_character = JAP_tomoyuki_yamashita
recruit_character = JAP_hisaichi_terauchi
recruit_character = JAP_shunroku_hata
recruit_character = JAP_akira_muto
recruit_character = JAP_kanji_ishiwara
recruit_character = JAP_shizuichi_tanaka
recruit_character = JAP_yasuji_okamura
recruit_character = JAP_toshizo_nishio
recruit_character = JAP_rikichi_ando
recruit_character = JAP_naruhiko_higashikuni
recruit_character = JAP_seishiro_itagaki
recruit_character = JAP_takashi_sakai
recruit_character = JAP_kenji_doihara
recruit_character = JAP_kenkichi_ueda
recruit_character = JAP_shigeru_honjo
recruit_character = JAP_yoshijiro_umezu
recruit_character = JAP_otozo_yamada
recruit_character = JAP_hatazo_adachi
recruit_character = JAP_iwane_matsui
recruit_character = JAP_sadao_araki
recruit_character = JAP_keisuke_fujie
recruit_character = JAP_kiichiro_higuchi
recruit_character = JAP_masaharu_homma
recruit_character = JAP_harukichi_hyakutake
recruit_character = JAP_jo_iimura
recruit_character = JAP_hitoshi_imamura
recruit_character = JAP_masatane_kanda
recruit_character = JAP_kuniaki_koiso
recruit_character = JAP_isoroku_yamamoto
recruit_character = JAP_mineichi_koga
recruit_character = JAP_kiyoshi_hasegawa
recruit_character = JAP_shigeyoshi_inoue
recruit_character = JAP_nobutake_kondo
recruit_character = JAP_takeo_takagi
recruit_character = JAP_soemu_toyoda
recruit_character = JAP_jisaburo_ozawa
recruit_character = JAP_zengo_yoshida
recruit_character = JAP_hiroaki_abe
recruit_character = JAP_tadashige_daigo
recruit_character = JAP_gengo_hyakutake
recruit_character = JAP_yoshitoshi_tokugawa
recruit_character = JAP_fushimi_hiroyasu
recruit_character = JAP_korechika_anami
recruit_character = JAP_mitsuo_fuchida
recruit_character = JAP_minoru_genda
recruit_character = JAP_tateo_kato
recruit_character = JAP_osami_nagano
recruit_character = JAP_torashiro_kawabe
recruit_character = JAP_shigetaro_shimada
recruit_character = JAP_yoshio_nishina
recruit_character = JAP_hideo_itokawa
recruit_character = JAP_kanin_kotohito
recruit_character = JAP_hideki_tojo
recruit_character = JAP_matome_ugaki
recruit_character = JAP_nishizo_tsukahara
recruit_character = JAP_hajime_sugiyama
recruit_character = JAP_chuichi_nagumo
recruit_character = JAP_hino_kumazo
recruit_character = JAP_mitsumasa_yonai
recruit_character = JAP_takuo_godo
recruit_character = JAP_chiune_sugihara
recruit_character = JAP_kingoro_hashimoto
recruit_character = JAP_sanzo_nosaka
recruit_character = JAP_hiroshi_oshima
recruit_character = JAP_kijuro_shidehara

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Yoshiko Kawashima"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_yoshiko_kawashima
		traits = { }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { MAN JAP CHI }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Takeo Yoshikawa"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_takeo_yoshikawa
		traits = { }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { JAP }
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Type 94 Tankette"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_JAP_basic_light_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Type 89 I-Go"
		type = medium_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_close_support_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_medium_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_diesel_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 3
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "GFX_JAP_basic_medium_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Type 95 Ha-Go"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_diesel_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "GFX_JAP_improved_light_tank_medium"
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
### VARIANTS ###
	# 1936 Start #
		### Carrier Variants
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Akagi Class"
			type = carrier_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_deckspace_upgrade = 5
				carrier_armor_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 2
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		### Battleship Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ise Class"
			type = battleship_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 3
				ship_armor_upgrade = 1
				ship_gun_upgrade = 1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Nagato Class"
			type = battleship_1
			parent_version = 1
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
				ship_engine_upgrade = 4
				ship_armor_upgrade = 3
				ship_gun_upgrade = 4
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		### Heavy Cruiser Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Myoko Class"
			type = heavy_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 2
				ship_armor_upgrade = 2
				ship_gun_upgrade = 3
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		### Light Cruiser Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kuma Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 2
				ship_gun_upgrade = 1
				ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Sendai Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 1
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 3
				ship_gun_upgrade = 1
				ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		### Destroyer Variants
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Fubuki Class"
			type = destroyer_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_torpedo_upgrade = 2
				destroyer_engine_upgrade = 4
				ship_ASW_upgrade = 2
				ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
			}
		}	
		### Submarine Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kaidai III Class"
			type = submarine_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
				sub_engine_upgrade = 3
				sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
				sub_torpedo_upgrade = 2
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}	
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ki-10"
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ki-2"
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = small_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_2x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
		icon = "GFX_JAP_CAS1_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ki-1"
		type = medium_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_2x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ki-3"
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
		icon = "GFX_JAP_CAS1_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Aichi D1A2"
		type = cv_small_plane_cas_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = dive_brakes_small
		}
		icon = "GFX_JAP_CAS1_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "A4N"
		type = cv_small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "B2M"
		type = cv_small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_JAP_cv_naval_bomber1_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "B4Y"
		type = cv_small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		icon = "GFX_JAP_cv_naval_bomber1_medium"
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns"}
	### VARIANTS ###
	# 1936 Start #
		### Carrier Variants
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Akagi Class"
			type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_bb
			name_group = JAP_CV_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kaga Class"
			type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_bb
			name_group = JAP_CV_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Soryu Class"
			type = ship_hull_carrier_1
			name_group = JAP_CV_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Zuiho Class"
			type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_ca
			name_group = JAP_CVL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Hosho Class"
			name_group = JAP_CVL_HISTORICAL
			type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_ca
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = empty
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ryujo Class"
			name_group = JAP_CVL_HISTORICAL
			type = ship_hull_carrier_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		### Battleship Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Nagato Class"
			name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
			type = ship_hull_heavy_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kongo Class"
			name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
			type = ship_hull_heavy_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Fuso/Ise Class"
			type = ship_hull_heavy_1
			name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
			
		### Heavy Cruiser Variants			
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Myoko Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Aoba Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Chikuma Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Izumo Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
			name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Tone Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Mogami Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Yubari Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Sendai Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Tenryu Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kuma/Nagara Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Okinoshima Class"					# cruiser minelayer
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = JAP_MINELAYERS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			}
		}
		### Destroyer Variants
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Mutsuki Class" #collection of various WWI and early interwar ships with similiar capabilities
			type = ship_hull_light_1
			name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Momi Class" 
			type = ship_hull_light_1
			name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Fubuki Class"
			type = ship_hull_light_1
			name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Katsuriki Class" 				# collection of interwar DD-sized minelayers
			type = ship_hull_light_1
			name_group = JAP_MINELAYERS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			}
		}	
		### Submarine Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kaidai III Class"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_1
			name_group = JAP_SS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			}
		}	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ro-26 Class"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "I-121 Class"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_1
			name_group = JAP_SS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
			}
		}
}

}

######################## 1939

1939.9.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100


	#adding ministers
	add_ideas = {
		JAP_mitsumasa_yonai
		minoru_genda
		hajime_sugiyama
		soemu_toyoda
		fushimi_hiroyasu
		kawasaki

		#laws
		tot_economic_mobilisation
		service_by_requirement
		closed_economy
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
		remove_ideas = MTG_naval_treaty_adherent
	}
	complete_national_focus = JAP_purge_the_kodoha_faction
	complete_national_focus = JAP_army_expansion_law
	complete_national_focus = JAP_guide_the_zaibatsus
	complete_national_focus = JAP_new_naval_estimates
	complete_national_focus = JAP_army_expansion
	complete_national_focus = JAP_liaison_conference
	complete_national_focus = JAP_greater_east_asian_co_prosperity_sphere
	unlock_national_focus = JAP_intervene_in_china
	complete_national_focus = JAP_fighter_modernization
	complete_national_focus = JAP_carrier_warfare_experiments
	complete_national_focus = JAP_supremacy_of_technology
	complete_national_focus = JAP_national_mobilization_law
	complete_national_focus = JAP_national_research_policy
	complete_national_focus = JAP_nationalize_war_industry
	complete_national_focus = JAP_cruiser_modernization
	complete_national_focus = JAP_long_lance_torpedoes
	complete_national_focus = JAP_bicycle_battalions
	complete_national_focus = JAP_small_arms_modernization

	declare_war_on = {
		target = CHI
		type = puppet_wargoal_focus
	}
	#declare_war_on = {
	#	target = GXC
	#	type = puppet_focus
	#}
	#declare_war_on = {
	#	target = YUN
	#	type = puppet_focus
	#}
	#declare_war_on = {
	#	target = PRC
	#	type = annex_everything
	#}
	set_technology = {
	
	### IFANTRY ###

	#Weapons
	interwars_infantry_equip2 = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1

	#Support Equipment
	interwar_support_weapons4 = 1
	modern_support_weapons = 1

	#Machine Gun
	modern_machine_gun = 1

	#Motorized
	motorised_infantry = 1

	### SUPPORT ###

	#Engineers
	tech_engineers5 = 1

	#Maintenance Company
	tech_maintenance_company5 = 1

	#Trains
	basic_train = 1

	### ARTILLERY ###

	early_artillery_7 = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	howitzer6 = 1
	howitzer7 = 1

	#Anti Air
	anti_air3 = 1

	### NAVAL ###

	#Naval Bomber
	cv_naval_bomber01 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	cv_naval_bomber1 = 1

	#Bomber
	tactical_bomber1 = 1

	### ENGINEERING ###

	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1

	### INDUSTRY ###
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	concentrated_industry = 1

	#Construction
	construction6 = 1

	### DOCTRINES ###

	#Land Doctrine
	mass_assault = 1
	pocket_defence = 1
	}

	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1939_air_bba"
			set_technology = {
				basic_medium_airframe = 1
				range_improvements = 1
			}
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1939_air_legacy"
			set_technology = {
				cv_fighter1 = 1
				fighter1 = 1
				tactical_bomber1 = 1
			}
		}
	}

if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### ARMOR ###

		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_light_tank_chassis = 1

		#Trains
		armored_train = 1
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1939_nsb"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		basic_light_tank = 1
		improved_light_tank = 1
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1939"
}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
		set_technology = {
			improved_ship_hull_submarine = 1
			basic_ship_hull_light = 1
			improved_ship_hull_light = 1
			improved_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			improved_ship_hull_carrier = 1
			ship_hull_super_heavy = 1
		}
		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1939_naval"
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		}
		set_technology = {
			improved_submarine = 1
			basic_destroyer = 1
			improved_destroyer = 1
			improved_heavy_cruiser = 1
			improved_carrier = 1
			heavy_battleship = 1
		}
		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1939_naval_legacy"
	}

	set_convoys = 100

		if = {
			limit = {
				has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Ki-27"
				type = small_plane_airframe_1
				modules = {
					fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
					engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
					special_type_slot_1 = empty
				}
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "A5M"
				type = cv_small_plane_airframe_1
				modules = {
					fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
					engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
					special_type_slot_1 = empty
				}
				icon = "GFX_JAP_cv_fighter1_medium"
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "B5N"
				type = cv_small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_1
				modules = {
					fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
					fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = bomb_locks
					engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
					special_type_slot_1 = fuel_tanks_small
				}
				icon = "GFX_JAP_cv_naval_bomber1_medium"
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Ki-30/32"
				type = small_plane_cas_airframe_1
				modules = {
					fixed_main_weapon_slot = small_bomb_bay
					engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
					special_type_slot_1 = empty
				}
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Ki-21"
				type = medium_plane_airframe_1
				modules = {
					fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
					engine_type_slot = engine_2_2x
					special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
				}
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "G3M2"
				type = medium_plane_airframe_1
				modules = {
					fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
					fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = torpedo_mounting
					engine_type_slot = engine_3_2x #Increased tier due to thrust/weight issues
					special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret_2x
					special_type_slot_2 = fuel_tanks_medium
				}
				icon = "GFX_JAP_early_bomber_medium"
			}
		}
		if = {
			limit = {
				not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
			}
			### Carrier Variants
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Hiryu Class"
				type = carrier_2
				parent_version = 0
				upgrades = {
					ship_deckspace_upgrade = 1
					carrier_armor_upgrade = 0
					ship_engine_upgrade = 0
					ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
				}
			}
			
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Kagero Class"
				type = destroyer_2
				parent_version = 0
				upgrades = {
					ship_torpedo_upgrade = 2
					destroyer_engine_upgrade = 3
					ship_ASW_upgrade = 2
					ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
				}
			}
		}
		if = {
			limit = {
				has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Shokaku Class"
				type = ship_hull_carrier_2
				name_group = JAP_CV_HISTORICAL
				parent_version = 0
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
					fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
					fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
					fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_2
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
					front_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
					mid_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
				}
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Yamato Class"
				type = ship_hull_super_heavy_1
				name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
				parent_version = 0
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_super_heavy_battery_1
					fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
					fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_shbb
					front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
					front_2_custom_slot = empty
					mid_1_custom_slot = empty
					mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
					mid_3_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
					rear_1_custom_slot = ship_super_heavy_battery_1
					rear_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				}
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Asashio Class"
				type = ship_hull_light_2
				name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
				parent_version = 0
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
					fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
					fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_2
					mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
					rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
				}
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Katori Class"
				type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
				name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
				parent_version = 0
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
					fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
					mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
					mid_2_custom_slot = empty
					rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Kagero Class"
				type = ship_hull_light_2
				name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
				parent_version = 0
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
					fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
					fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_2
					mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
					rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
				}
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Hatsutaka Class" 				# DD-sized minelayers
				type = ship_hull_light_2
				name_group = JAP_MINELAYERS_HISTORICAL
				parent_version = 0
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
					fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
					fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
					mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
					rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
				}
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "A1/B1 Class"
				type = ship_hull_cruiser_submarine
				name_group = JAP_SS_HISTORICAL
				parent_version = 0
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
					front_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
					mid_1_custom_slot = empty
					rear_1_custom_slot = empty
				}
			}
		}
		if = {
			limit = {
				has_dlc = "No Step Back"
			}
		if = {
			limit = {
				has_dlc = "No Step Back"
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Type 97 Chi-Ha"
				type = medium_tank_chassis_1
				parent_version = 0
				modules = {
					main_armament_slot = tank_close_support_gun
					turret_type_slot = tank_medium_two_man_tank_turret
					suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
					armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
					engine_type_slot = tank_diesel_engine
					special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
				}
				upgrades = {
					tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 4
					tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
				}
				icon = "GFX_JAP_basic_medium_tank_medium"
			}
		}	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Type 95 Hokuman"
			type = light_tank_chassis_2
			parent_version = 1
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_high_velocity_cannon
				turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = empty
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 3
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
			}
			
			icon = "GFX_JAP_improved_light_tank_medium"
		}
	}
}

######################## 1941

1941.1.1 = {

    declare_war_on = { target = INS type = annex_everything }

    ### Submarine Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kaidai IIII Class"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_2
			name_group = JAP_SS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			}
		}

	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Muso Class"
			name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
			type = ship_hull_heavy_3
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			}
		}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1941"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1941_nsb"
}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1941_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1941_air_legacy"
		}
	}
	if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1941_Naval"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1941_Naval_Legacy"
	}
}

	add_political_power = 1500

	diplomatic_relation = { country = SOV relation = non_aggression_pact }
	diplomatic_relation = { country = GER relation = non_aggression_pact }

	complete_national_focus = JAP_purge_the_kodoha_faction
	complete_national_focus = JAP_army_expansion_law
	complete_national_focus = JAP_guide_the_zaibatsus
	complete_national_focus = JAP_new_naval_estimates
	complete_national_focus = JAP_army_expansion
	complete_national_focus = JAP_liaison_conference
	complete_national_focus = JAP_greater_east_asian_co_prosperity_sphere
	complete_national_focus = JAP_intervene_in_china
	complete_national_focus = JAP_fighter_modernization
	complete_national_focus = JAP_carrier_warfare_experiments
	complete_national_focus = JAP_supremacy_of_technology
	complete_national_focus = JAP_national_mobilization_law
	complete_national_focus = JAP_national_research_policy
	complete_national_focus = JAP_nationalize_war_industry
	complete_national_focus = JAP_cruiser_modernization
	complete_national_focus = JAP_long_lance_torpedoes
	complete_national_focus = JAP_bicycle_battalions
	complete_national_focus = JAP_small_arms_modernization
	complete_national_focus = JAP_sign_tripartite_pact
	complete_national_focus = JAP_strike_south_doctrine

	#adding ministers
	add_ideas = {
		limited_exports
		extensive_conscription
		war_economy

		service_by_requirement
		closed_economy
	}

	puppet = MEN
	puppet = MAN
	puppet = INU

	create_faction = daitoa_kyoeiken
	add_to_faction = JAP
	add_to_faction = MEN
	add_to_faction = MAN

	declare_war_on = {
		target = CHI
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = PRC
		type = annex_everything
	}


	MAN = {
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = JAP
			enemy = CHI
		}
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = JAP
			enemy = PRC
		}
	}

	MEN = {
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = JAP
			enemy = CHI
		}
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = JAP
			enemy = PRC
		}
	}


set_technology = {
    
    ### INFANTRY ###

    #Weapons
    infantry_weapons2 = 1
    improved_infantry_weapons = 1
    improved_infantry_weapons_2 = 1

    #Support
    modern_support_weapons2 = 1

    #Mechanized
    mechanised_infantry = 1

    ### SUPPORT ###

    #Engineers
    tech_engineers6 = 1

    #Recon
    tech_recon5 = 1
    tech_recon6 = 1

    #Military Police
    tech_military_police_5 = 1

    #Mortar Companies
    tech_mortar_company5 = 1

    #Field Hospital
    tech_field_hospital = 1

    #Logistics Company
    tech_logistics_company = 1

    #Signal Company
    tech_signal_company = 1

    #Trains
    wartime_train = 1

    ### ARTILLERY ###

    artillery1 = 1
    howitzer8 = 1

    #Anti Air
    interwar_antiair = 1
    antiair1 = 1

    #Anti Tank
    interwar_antitank = 1
    antitank1 = 1

    #Naval Bomber
    naval_bomber2 = 1

    #Bomber
    tactical_bomber2 = 1
    strategic_bomber1 = 1

    ### ENGINEERING ###

    improved_computing = 1
    radio_detection = 1
    decimetric_radar = 1

    ### INDUSTRY ###

    improved_machine_tools = 1
    advanced_machine_tools = 1

    concentrated_industry2 = 1
    concentrated_industry3 = 1

    construction7 = 1
    excavation1 = 1
    construction8 = 1
    excavation2 = 1
    construction9 = 1
    excavation3 = 1
	}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	### AIR ###

    #Fighter
    fighter2 = 1
    cv_fighter2 = 1

    #CAS
    cv_CAS1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
	### AIR ###

    #Fighter
    improved_small_airframe = 1

    #Medium
    early_improved_bomber = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### ARMOR ###

		basic_medium_tank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
		engine_tech_2 = 1
		armor_tech_1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		basic_medium_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### WW2 NAVAL ###

		#Light Ships
	    improved_depth_charges = 1
	    improved_sonar = 1

	    #Cruisers
	    basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1

	    #Submarine
	    early_ship_hull_submarine = 1

	    basic_torpedo = 1
	    improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
	    basic_battery = 1
	    mtg_transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		improved_destroyer = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "A6M Zero" 
		type = small_plane_airframe_2
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_4x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_4x
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		icon = "GFX_JAP_fighter2_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Aichi D3A"
		type = small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
			special_type_slot_2 = floats
		}
		icon = "GFX_JAP_naval_bomber1_medium"
	}
}

}

######################## 1942

1942.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1200
	add_to_faction = SIA

	create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Bushido Class"
				type = ship_hull_carrier_3
				name_group = JAP_CV_HISTORICAL
				parent_version = 0
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
					fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
					fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
					fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_2
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
					front_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
					mid_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
				}
			}


set_stability = 0.3

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1942"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1942_nsb"
}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1941_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1941_air_legacy"
		}
	}
	if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1942_Naval"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1942_Naval_Legacy"
	}
}

set_technology = {
		
	### INFANTRY ###

	#Weapons
	infantry_at = 1

	#Support
	modern_support_weapons3 = 1

	#Mechanized
	motorized_rocket_unit = 1

	### SUPPORT ###

	#Engineer
	tech_engineers7 = 1

	#Recon
	tech_recon7 = 1

	#Military Police
	tech_military_police_6 = 1

	#Maintenance Company
	tech_maintenance_company6 = 1

	#Mortar Company
	tech_mortar_company6 = 1

	#Field Hospital
	tech_field_hospital2 = 1

	#Logistics Company
	tech_logistics_company2 = 1

	#Signal Company
	tech_signal_company2 = 1

	### ARTILLERY ###

	artillery2 = 1
	howitzer9 = 1

	#Anti Air
	antiair2 = 1

	#Anti Tank
	antitank2 = 1

    #Naval Bomber
    cv_naval_bomber2 = 1

    #Bomber
    strategic_bomber2 = 1

    ### ENGINEERING ###

    improved_decimetric_radar = 1
    basic_fire_control_system = 1

    ### INDUSTRY ###

    assembly_line_production = 1

    concentrated_industry4 = 1

    construction10 = 1
    excavation4 = 1

    ### DOCTRINES ###

    #Land Doctrine
    defence_in_depth = 1
    peoples_army = 1

    #Air Doctrine
    force_rotation = 1
    fighter_baiting = 1

    #Naval Doctrine
    trade_interdiction = 1
    convoy_interdiction_ti = 1
    raider_patrols = 1
 }

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	### AIR ###

    #CAS
    CAS2 = 1
    cv_CAS2 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
	### AIR ###

	#Medium
	early_medium_bomb = 1

	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### ARMOR ###
        
        early_armored_car7 = 1
		basic_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
		armor_tech_2 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	    eg_armored_car7 = 1
		basic_heavy_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### WW2 NAVAL ###
        
        #Light Ships
        improved_ship_hull_light = 1

        #Submarines
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1

        magnetic_detonator = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        improved_dp_light_battery = 1
        damage_control_1 = 1
        fire_control_methods_1 = 1
		
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
	}
}

	diplomatic_relation = { country = SOV relation = non_aggression_pact }
	diplomatic_relation = { country = GER relation = non_aggression_pact }

	complete_national_focus = JAP_bypass_the_philippines
	complete_national_focus = JAP_strike_on_the_southern_resource_area

	#adding ministers
	add_ideas = {
		extensive_conscription
		war_economy

		service_by_requirement
		closed_economy
	}

	puppet = INU
	puppet = VIN
	puppet = MEN
	puppet = MAN
	puppet = SIA

	create_faction = daitoa_kyoeiken
	add_to_faction = JAP
	add_to_faction = SIA
	add_to_faction = MEN
	add_to_faction = MAN
	add_to_faction = INU

	declare_war_on = {
		target = AST
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = RAJ
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = SAF
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = CAN
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = NZL
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = PER
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = IRQ
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = HAI
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = FRA
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = DOM
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = ETH
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = BEL
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = HOL
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = INS
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = USA
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = CHI
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = PRC
		type = annex_everything
	}


	MAN = {
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = JAP
			enemy = CHI
		}
	}

	MEN = {
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = JAP
			enemy = CHI
		}
	}
	MAN = {
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = JAP
			enemy = PRC
		}
	}

	MEN = {
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = JAP
			enemy = PRC
		}
	}
}

######################## 1943

1943.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1200
	add_to_faction = SIA

	set_stability = 0.3

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1943"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1943_nsb"
}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1941_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1941_air_legacy"
		}
	}
	if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1943_Naval"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1943_Naval_Legacy"
	}
}

	set_technology = {
		
	### INFANTRY ###

	#Weapons
	advanced_infantry_weapons = 1

	#Special Forces
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers2 = 1
	tech_mountaineers3 = 1
	marines = 1
	marines2 = 1
	marines3 = 1

	#Support
	

	#Mechanized
	

	### SUPPORT ###

	#Engineer
	

	#Recon
	

	#Military Police
	

	#Maintenance Company
	

	#Mortar Company
	tech_mortar_company7 = 1

	#Field Hospital
	tech_field_hospital3 = 1

	#Logistics Company
	

	#Signal Company
	

	### ARTILLERY ###

	artillery2 = 1
	

	#Anti Air
	

	#Anti Tank
	antitank3 = 1

	#Rocket Artillery
	rocket_artillery = 1  

    ### ENGINEERING ###

    improved_fire_control_system = 1

    ### INDUSTRY ###

    synth_oil_experiments = 1
    fuel_refining = 1
    synth_rubber_experiments = 1

    ### DOCTRINES ###

    #Land Doctrine
    human_infantry_offensive = 1

    #Air Doctrine
    low_echelon_support = 1
    dispersed_fighting = 1

    #Naval Doctrine
    carrier_operations = 1
    unrestricted_submarine_warfare = 1
    convoy_sailing_ti = 1

 }

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
	### AIR ###

	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### ARMOR ###
        
        #Armored Car
        armored_car2 = 1

        #Light
        advanced_light_tank_chassis = 1

        #Medium
        improved_medium_tank_chassis = 1
        
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	    eg_armored_car8 = 1
	    basic_light_td = 1
	    basic_light_art = 1
	    basic_light_spaa = 1
	    improved_light_td = 1
	    improved_light_art = 1
	    improved_light_spaa =1 
	    basic_medium_td = 1
	    basic_medium_art = 1
	    basic_medium_spaa = 1
	    advanced_light_tank = 1
	    improved_medium_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### WW2 NAVAL ###
        
        #Cruisers
        improved_airplane_launcher = 1
        basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1

        #Batteries
        basic_medium_battery = 1
        basic_heavy_battery = 1
        basic_light_shell = 1

        #Fire Control Methods
        fire_control_methods_2 = 1

        #Transport
        mtg_landing_craft = 1

        #Mines
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        improved_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
		
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		improved_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
		landing_craft = 1
		improved_submarine = 1
	}
}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Type 98 Ke-Ni"
		type = light_tank_chassis_3
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_diesel_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 3
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
		}
		icon = "GFX_JAP_advanced_light_tank_medium"
	}
}

	diplomatic_relation = { country = SOV relation = non_aggression_pact }
	diplomatic_relation = { country = GER relation = non_aggression_pact }

	complete_national_focus = JAP_bypass_the_philippines
	complete_national_focus = JAP_strike_on_the_southern_resource_area

	#adding ministers
	add_ideas = {
		extensive_conscription
		war_economy

		service_by_requirement
		closed_economy
	}

	puppet = INU
	puppet = VIN
	puppet = MEN
	puppet = MAN
	puppet = SIA

	create_faction = daitoa_kyoeiken
	add_to_faction = JAP
	add_to_faction = SIA
	add_to_faction = MEN
	add_to_faction = MAN
	add_to_faction = INU

	declare_war_on = {
		target = AST
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = RAJ
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = SAF
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = CAN
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = NZL
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = PER
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = IRQ
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = HAI
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = FRA
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = DOM
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = ETH
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = BEL
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = HOL
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = INS
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = USA
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = CHI
		type = annex_everything
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = PRC
		type = annex_everything
	}


	MAN = {
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = JAP
			enemy = CHI
		}
	}

	MEN = {
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = JAP
			enemy = CHI
		}
	}
	MAN = {
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = JAP
			enemy = PRC
		}
	}

	MEN = {
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = JAP
			enemy = PRC
		}
	}
}

######################## 1944-1

1944.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1200

	#adding ministers
	add_ideas = {
		tot_economic_mobilisation
		service_by_requirement
	}


	set_stability = 0.3

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1944"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1944_nsb"
}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1944_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1944_air_legacy"
		}
	}
	if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1944_Naval"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1944_Naval_Legacy"
	}
}

	set_technology = {
		
	### INFANTRY ###

	#Weapons
	

	#Support
	

	#Mechanized
	

	### SUPPORT ###

	#Engineer
	

	#Recon
	

	#Military Police
	

	#Maintenance Company
	

	#Mortar Company
	

	#Field Hospital
	

	#Logistics Company
	

	#Signal Company
	

	### ARTILLERY ###

	artillery3 = 1
	howitzer10 = 1

	#Anti Air
	antiair3 = 1

	#Anti Tank
    

    ### ENGINEERING ###

    centimetric_radar = 1

    ### INDUSTRY ###

    fuel_refining2 = 1
    oil_plant = 1
    rubber_plant = 1

    ### DOCTRINES ###

    #Land Doctrine
    large_front_offensive = 1

    #Air Doctrine
    operational_destruction = 1
    fighter_veteran_initiative = 1 

    #Naval Doctrine
    subsidiary_carrier_role_ti = 1
    capital_ship_raiders = 1

 }

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	### AIR ###

    #CAS
    

    #Naval Bomber
    

    #Bomber
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
	### AIR ###

    #CAS
    

    #Naval Bomber
    

    #Bomber
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### ARMOR ###
        
        #Heavy
        improved_heavy_tank_chassis = 1

        #Engine
        engine_tech_3 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	    basic_heavy_td = 1
	    basic_heavy_art = 1
	    basic_heavy_spaa = 1
	    advanced_light_tank_a = 1
	    improved_heavy_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### WW2 NAVAL ###
        
        #Light
        advanced_depth_charges = 1

        #Cruiser
		improved_ship_hull_cruiser = 1

		#Heavy
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1

		#Submarine
		improved_ship_hull_submarine = 1

		#Armaments
		improved_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_shell = 1
		basic_heavy_shell = 1
		damage_control_2 = 1
		degaussing = 1

	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		improved_heavy_cruiser = 1
		basic_battlecruiser = 1
		basic_battleship = 1
	}
}

}

######################## 1944-2

1944.12.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1200

	add_ideas = {
		tot_economic_mobilisation
		service_by_requirement
		closed_economy
	}

	set_stability = 0.3

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1944_D"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1944_D_nsb"
}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1944_D_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1944_D_air_legacy"
		}
	}
	if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1944D_Naval"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1944D_Naval_Legacy"
	}
}

	set_technology = {
		
	### INFANTRY ###

	#Weapons
	night_vision = 1

	#Support
	

	#Mechanized
	mechanised_infantry2 = 1

	#Special
	paratroopers = 1
	

	### SUPPORT ###

	#Engineer
	

	#Recon
	

	#Military Police
	

	#Maintenance Company
	tech_maintenance_company7 = 1

	#Mortar Company
	

	#Field Hospital
	

	#Logistics Company
	

	#Signal Company
	

	### ARTILLERY ###

	artillery4 = 1
	
	#Anti Air
	antiair4 = 1

	#Anti Tank
	antitank4 = 1

	#Rocket
	rocket_artillery2 = 1
    

    ### ENGINEERING ###

    advanced_computing = 1

    ### INDUSTRY ###

    improved_oil_plant = 1
    fuel_refining3 = 1
    improved_rubber_plant = 1

    ### DOCTRINES ###

    #Land Doctrine
    

    #Air Doctrine
    cas_veteran_initiative = 1
    naval_strike_torpedo_tactics_oi = 1

    #Naval Doctrine
    battlefleet_concentration_ti = 1
    wolfpacks = 1
    
 }

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	### AIR ###

    #CAS
    

    #Naval Bomber
    

    #Bomber


    #Heavy Fighter
    heavy_fighter1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
	### AIR ###
	advanced_small_airframe = 1

    #CAS
    

    #Naval Bomber
    

    #Bomber


    #Heavy Fighter
    iw_medium_airframe = 1

    aa_cannon_2 = 1
    engines_3 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### ARMOR ###

		#Armored Car
		armored_car3 = 1
        
        #Armor
        armor_tech_3 = 1

        #Medium
        advanced_medium_tank_chassis = 1

	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	    eg_armored_car9 = 1
	    advanced_light_td = 1
	    advanced_light_art = 1
	    advanced_light_spaa = 1
	    improved_medium_td = 1
	    improved_medium_art = 1
	    improved_medium_spaa = 1
	    advanced_medium_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### WW2 NAVAL ###
        
        #Cruiser

        #Heavy
        basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1

        #Armaments
        improved_medium_battery = 1
        improved_heavy_battery = 1
        damage_control_3 = 1
        improved_submarine_mine_laying = 1
		
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		advanced_destroyer = 1
		advanced_light_cruiser = 1
		improved_battleship = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "A7M Reppu"
	type = small_plane_airframe_3
	modules = {
		fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_4x
		fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = aircraft_cannon_2_2x
		engine_type_slot = engine_3_1x
		special_type_slot_1 = empty
	}
	icon = "GFX_JAP_fighter3_medium"
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Aichi B8A"
	type = small_plane_cas_airframe_2
	modules = {
		fixed_main_weapon_slot = small_bomb_bay
		engine_type_slot = engine_3_1x
		special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		special_type_slot_2 = dive_brakes_small
	}
	icon = "GFX_JAP_CAS2_medium"
}
}

}

######################## 1945

1945.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1200

	#adding ministers
	add_ideas = {
		tot_economic_mobilisation
		service_by_requirement
		closed_economy
	}

	set_stability = 0.2

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1945"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1945_nsb"
}
	if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1945_Naval"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1945_Naval_Legacy"
	}
}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1945_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1945_air_legacy"
		}
	}

	set_technology = {
		
	### INFANTRY ###

	#Weapons
	

	#Support
	modern_support_weapons4 = 1

	#Mechanized

	#Special
	paratroopers2 = 1
	

	### SUPPORT ###

	#Engineer
	

	#Recon
	

	#Military Police
	tech_military_police_7 = 1

	#Maintenance Company
	

	#Mortar Company
	

	#Field Hospital
	

	#Logistics Company
	

	#Signal Company
	

	### ARTILLERY ###

	#Anti Air
	antiair5 = 1

	#Anti Tank
	antitank5 = 1

	#Rocket
	rocket_artillery3 = 1
    

    ### ENGINEERING ###

    advanced_fire_control_system = 1

    ### INDUSTRY ###

    concentrated_industry5 = 1

    construction11 = 1
    excavation5 = 1

    advanced_oil_plant = 1
    fuel_refining4 = 1
    advanced_rubber_plant = 1

    ### DOCTRINES ###

    #Land Doctrine
    human_wave_offensive = 1

    #Air Doctrine
    carousel_bombing = 1
    infiltration_bombing = 1

    #Naval Doctrine
    floating_fortress_ti = 1
    naval_air_operations = 1

 }
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### ARMOR ###
        
        #Heavy
        advanced_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	    improved_heavy_td = 1 
	    improved_heavy_art = 1
	    improved_heavy_spaa = 1 
	    advanced_heavy_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		
		### WW2 NAVAL ###
        
        #Light
        advanced_ship_hull_light = 1

        #Heavy
        basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1

        #Submarine
        basic_submarine_snorkel = 1

        #Armaments
        electric_torpedo = 1
        advanced_naval_mines = 1 
		
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
		early_carrier = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = { 
	### AIR ###

    #CAS
    

    #Naval Bomber
    

    #Bomber
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
	### AIR ###

    #CAS
    

    #Naval Bomber
    

    #Bomber
	}
}

}
